Lorry’s teacher, Mrs. Brown was a kind mid-aged woman. She welcomed me with smile on her face. I introduced myself, saying I was Lorry’s mother, and I wanted to know Lorry’s performance at school. Smile disappeared without a trace. Worry and surprise have taken its place.
“Actually, Lorry is a boy of good nature, I believe.” Mrs. Brown said.
“Thank you, I’m glad to hear that” I answered.
“I’m impressed by his huge change, you know, considering that performance he had in the first few weeks,” said Mrs. Brown, with a satisfaction in her voice. Hearing this, I had a strange feeling, but before I figured it out, Mrs. Brown continued, “His poor behavior in these weeks very made me headache. “Poor behavior?” I asked, “what’s that?” I was astonished. “It should be Charles not Lorry that had had the behavior.” I thought. “Didn’t you know? I asked Lorry to tell his parents about these.” Mrs. Brown was surprised too.
I lost myself, and suddenly something dawned on me. I asked: “Is there a boy named Charles in his class?” “Charles? No, there isn’t.” Mrs. Brown answered. Everything was clear now. I kept asking: “Did Lorry behave badly on the first day at school and you punish him?” “Yes,” Mrs. Brown answered, “Did Lorry punch you on the second day at school?” “Yes.” “Did Lorry throw chalks from the blackboard on Friday in the first week?” “Did Lorry…” Every question I raised was greeted a confirmed answer. It went without doubt that Charles was Lorry and Lorry was Charles.
After the talk with Mrs. Brown, I headed home quickly and angrily. Lorry waiting at home nervously stood up immediately I entered home. I stared at him and asked: “Do you have anything to tell me?” Lorry remained silent, then he took a deep breathe and said: “Yes, Mum.” He tried to look into my eyes, but it seemed that his courage had failed him. He just looked down at the floor. “Em…Charles did bad things again.” Words came out of his mouth one by one. “Really? what did he do this time?” I said, still flushing. “Charles has lied to his parents and his mum has found it out.” Lorry’s voice dropped to whisper, “Well, this is the worth thing I ever heard about Charles. Let’s guess why he did so.” I said, waiting for an answer. “Because, Because he was afraid to tell his parents that he had perform badly at school. He didn’t want to be punished again by his parents.” Explained Lorry. I could hear his voice trembled. Seeing his pity face and considering he finally told the truth, I decided to forgive him. But a lesson still needed to be taught. “So, Charles thought it was right to lie to his parents because he was afraid of punishment?” “No, Charles knew he did it wrong, but he didn’t know how to tell them.” Lorry finish his sentence, beginning to cry. “Sorry, mum. I’m sorry!” cried he, and ran into my arms. I hug him gently and comforted him. “So I think that Charles really learns his lesson.”
There is still one question left on my mind. I asked Lorry about it. “Why did you change to be a good boy later?” Face reading, Lorry told his story, “Because I was sick of being Charles. You mentioned his name more mine. You were forgetting me. So I though you remembered him because he was bad. If he became a good boy, you would be less interested in him and forget him.” I laughed when hearing this. It looked like jealousy was not bad all the time. It played an fundermatel role in Lorry’s change. I told Lorry “If you always behave good, I will forget Charles forever.”    
