 “We have gifts for Chon,” the woman said. So they gave the boxes they were carrying to Mary.
Mary, this time, accepted the boxes happily. When she opened the boxes, the air around her seemed to not only glow with yellow and white light, but also green light—the boxes were full of gold, diamond and emerald. Seeing so precious things in front of herself, Mary thought her family could lead a comfortable life from then on.
Right after the two women gone, Mary sold all the boxes with gold, diamonds and emeralds to get money. Suddenly, she became the richest person of the country. Having been poor for a long time, Mary didn’t know how to spend her money at first, as a result of which she spent a whole night planning how to change her life with the money. After careful planning, she decided to buy a big house in the center of the city. In order to make her life more convenient, buying a car is a must—in the beginning, she just bought a cheap car so as to save money. The second step for this kind mother was finding good school for her children with the money of course—they couldn’t afford to a better school before through being rich at this time, Mary kept on working in a restaurant all day and often coming home to housework late at night. However, as time went by, Mary couldn’t hold up to the temptation of enjoyment, she began to know how to enjoy with the huge amount of money. She hired a servant to do the housework for her—actually it was acceptable when necessary. But later she became lazier—she gave up her job and was not willing to find another one for she wanted to spend time in shopping. She went to downtown everyday: shopping in luxurious shops such as LV, Hermas, CD Dior etc, enjoying luxurious high price, just like other rich woman—she totally forgot that she got the money through a dishonest way. To satisfy her own desire for enjoyment, she even left her children out, just senting them to boarding school without patient care for them. Only in one years, she changed a more splendid house and bought a BMW in replace with her cheap car. Spending money recklessly without any income. She used up all money in three years. However, she didn’t want to sell her house, car and other luxurious things to get money this time, instead of finding a job to support her family, she just stood at the bus stop where she got precious boxes and became rich three years ago to wait for another miracle. Not having money to buy food, she became a rail-thin women with face caved in and two giant eyes—she was just within an inch of her life, but she still didn’t realize her fault. Suddenly, a familiar low humming sound appeared again. Mary looks up with her last breath and saw a lizard ship. Mary watched and waited. It sounded as usual. Again the door opened with a hissing sound. This time three women dressed in silver came down the ramp.
“I’m Chon, please help me!” said Mary.
You aren’t our expected Chon!” one of the women said.
Mary was confused by the woman’s words. “Why?” she asked.
“We are angles to help some poor single mother, at first we thought you are poor but a honest and hardworking woman, so we send some precious things to help you, but you don’t treasure them and waste them. To make matter worse, you become a lazy and vain woman. At the end of your life, you don’t realize your own fault, wanting to get everything without effort. We won’t help you anymore and you have to get some punishment.” After saying these, the woman transformed Mary to a cow and walked back up the ramp. The door opened and closed with a hiss, leaving Mary—a cow at the bus stop.
Mary—now a cow—has to work very hard in order to survive, she uses her own story to tell us the importance of working heard and being honest.    
