 “Good afternoon, Miss Wang!” I said to Lorry’s teacher politely.
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Green! Your son Lorry is an active boy, he is very clever if we nurture him in a proper way he can be a successful man.” said Miss Wang.
“Oh, really? Thank you! Let’s help him together. But I think the environment in which he studys is of great importance. The people he associates with every play have great effect on him.” I said.
“Yes, of course! So both parents and teachers have to behave in a proper way in order to set examples for the children.” Miss Wang said in response.
“I agree with you,” I said. “However, the classmates will affect each other. It is said that there is a naughty boy named Charles in your class. He has been very rude for two weeks, and then became a good helper of teacher, but he turned to be naughty again one week later. It seems that such a boy will have bad effect on other pupils, doesn’t it?”
After hearing these, Miss Wang’s face changed fro expansive to sad. “I’m sorry to talk about Charles.” She went on saying, “He is a poor boy. His father died when Charles was very young. He mother had to work very hard to support the family so there was little time for her to take care of Charles. Without proper nurture, Charles’s character is a little strange but he is a very kind hearted boy in fact.”
“Why was he so naughty for one time then changed to be helpful and then became naughty again?” I asked confusingly.
“That is hard to say”. Miss Wang answered, “but according to the psychologist of our school, Charles is naughty deliberately so as to attract other’s attention because he was lack of care when he grew up. His mother was too busy to pay attention to him. He felt lonely as if nobody noticed his existence. He wanted to do something to make others know him. But to our sadness, his mother was suffering from an uncurable disease in the past few weeks, Charles wanted to make her mother happy in her last days of life. So he became gently and helpful to satisfy her mother. Unfortunately, his mother passed way on Friday. Charles felt his only mother has left him and nobody would care about him any more. So he did bad things to let out of his sadness. He is really a poor boy and now we teacher all want to help him become a normal boy.
Miss Wang’s words really shocked me. I blamed myself to misunderstand Charles. As a mother, I know the importance of parents’ love to a child clearly. I really want to help Charles. Though I can’t substitute for his mother. I just want to make him know that there is still love in the world. After saying goodbye to Miss Wang I hurried home to discuss with my husband.
“Since my father also died when I was young, I show great sympathy for Charles. I’m willing to help him but the question is how,” he answered.
“I can play with him and school and invite him to have dinner with us!” Lorry interrupted.
“That’s great!” I was so surprised and excited that Lorry was ready to join my plan. “My good son, thanks for your support. If you care more about Charles at school it will be a great help.” I continued, “When we go travel at weekends or in holidays, we can go with him. Do you agree, dear?”
“It sounds practical, and you can go to his home to do some cleaning for him when you are free, can’t you?” My husband said.
“Of course! OK, Let me phone Miss Wang to inform her of our plan.”
After Miss Wang’s agreement, our plan—give Charles more love—began.
I prepared one more lunch for Charles on Monday and asked Lorry to give him. The lunch included vegetables, chicken, soup and an apple and I hoped Charles would accept it happily, though I knew clearly that things wouldn’t go smoothly.
Things turned out to be the same as my expectation. 
