Gold and diamonds were shining as the two boxes were kept open.
Mary was frozen, yet, by surprise this time, not until she was sitting in an armchair at home, with the two boxes open just right beside. How she managed to get the extremely heavy boxes is no longer in her memory. What she could remember is the words the two persons dressed in silver had given, “save the cheerleader, save the world.”
The two boxes stood still while Mary was still confused. “Who is Chon?” Why two “silver” people thought she was Chon? Who and where is the cheerleader?” Before she could figure out what had happened, something had taken place: the crop field several hundred metres away was shining. The next day, when Mary woke up, though she didn’t sleep well, a lot of reporters were crowded, trying to get some information from the police. The area has been locked down because a huge sign whose meaning was still unknown appeared in the crop field. To Mary’s surprise, the sign which was thought to be left by some boring adults was exactly the same as the ogo on the boxes which is full of gold and diamonds.
Seary still, Mary decided to move away from the area. With the accidental income, everything seemed much easier for the single mother, what is really seary has just happened.
Two months after Mary’s settlement, in a wet day of April, a postcard was sent into Mary’s new apartment. Mary was shocked by the content. “In May, evil consumes everything.” In the end, there was a sign, a familiar sign printed in red, as red as blood. 
The two months since the very beginning has nearly totured Mary to insane. She had moved form Midland to Philadelphia, form Minnesoda to Utah. Finally she knew she couldn’t escape from the red sign.
In this rainy day she found that she couldn’t even hide away from anything any more. Her elder son Christopher had fallen with his eyes open, no wounds. Mary was dying, watching the man naming himself Sylar put his head on his little son Moah’s forehead—just like how he killed Chris.
Mary closed her eyes, waiting for the end. Someone screamed like Chris’ last sound, nevertheless, it’s Sylar that was screaming. He jumped out of the window with his burning arm. Before she fainted, Mary heard Sylar roaring.
“Chon, you’re not the one, the savior!!!”
