Lorry’s teacher was a mid-aged lady. Her thick glasses seemed to have hidden something.
“Mrs Petrelli, I’m curious about one of your students—Charles.” 
“Charles?” Her glasses seemed even thicker.
“Yes, a naughty kid. Lorry said he was always ruining the class.” 
“Oh, that Charles…”
Her glasses blocked all her emotions from her eyes. To my surprise, such a children didn’t seem to cause her fury. A moment after a seemingly everlasting silence, her voice sounded much lower, breaking the embarrassment.
“Well, every kid has his own character. I’m afraid none of the characters would be destructive. What we educators and you parents have to do is to guide them a bright future.” 
Sounded like I couldn’t dig anything more from her about the “special” kid. That commonest answer, of course, couldn’t satisfy my curiosity, or, kindness.
“Then what about Charles’ parents? Where are they?”
“Oh, I’m sorry to tell you that they can’t attend the meeting,” There came an immediate answer.
Crowds of people dissolved quickly, except my confusion.
Back home, Lorry was watching TV as usual. Only one thing is abnormal—his assignments had been finished.
Harvesting nothing from the meeting, I told all my disappointment to my husband. Charles, the kid who was even more secret after the conversation with the teacher is the core topic.
Strangely, Lorry who always talked about Charles, had never cut in the discussion. The night passed as silently as the meeting.
In the next two weeks news about Charles from Lorry was less and less. However, a surprising piece was brought to me.
“Charles switches school…”, said Lorry without careness.
“Charles the Threat” was gone. The family had never talked about the secret kid anymore.
Another kid Dick broke into the family talk. Unlike Charles, Dick was an excellent student.
“You never see his mistake,” said Lorry.
In the next conversation with Mrs. Petrelli, she still didn’t provide me anything about Dick.
“What a hell is the secret school hiding?” I complaint to my husband. Several days later, a local newspaper selected an essay which revealed a complicated scene faced by a young woman, signed in the name of Charles Dickens.
When we talked about the essay, Lorry said secretly, “Maybe it is that Charles had written it.”   
