“We’re happy to see you. These two boxes are yours, and welcome you back to the Mars Empire.” No sooner had the woman finished her words than Mary was forced to get on the ship. Mary didn’t know what had happened, the only thing she wanted was the two boxes. She was screaming, rushing out the door, but it closed with a hiss immediately. The ship lifted with a low humming sound. Hearing the sound, Mary knew that there was no way she could escape.
“Where are you taking me to? What do you want?” Mary asked with a stumble voice.
Chon is the Queen of the Mars Empire, and you are Chon, so you’re our noble queen. We are on the way back home,” answered respectively.
After a long journey, they finally reached the destination—Mars. 
“Welcome back to our Motherland—Mars, Dear Queen,” said the woman as well as the door opened.
What came into Mary’s first sight was countless people, they seemed to have a celebration. They were thrilling and cheering to her, welcoming her with the most passion. Lossing herself, she followed the woman who took her here, and walk through the towed people. At the end of the path, a glorious palace came into her sight. Liken to the Buckingham palace, this palace is much bigger and more majestic when seeing such a beautiful palace, Mary thought that might be she was in a dream as she had not seen such beautiful structure on earth. 
Suddenly, she noticed that the people here were different from those on earth. They were all in silver suit and almost looked the same. “My dear Queen, From now on, here is your residence, you will be crowned queen tomorrow. Good night.” After the women finishing the words, she disappeared. In such a big palace, Mary found that there was no one except her, so she walked around in it. She was excited to find treasures everywhere, golds, diamonds, as if she were in a treasure-house. Finishing the adventure in the Palaze, she was too tired to fall asleep with arms of treasures. The next day came, when she woke up, she found so many people appeared around her, she was crowned queen. Hardly when she had been crowned when the people disappeared at the same time, now she was the queen, but the only thing she could have was golds and diamonds here. She felt so lonely that she wanted to escape from the Palaze, but unfortunately, the Palaze’s door was locked. In such a slient place, she missed her children, the busy, hard but happy life on the earth. How regretful she was told the lie that she was Chon and wanted to took the golds and diamonds. Now the what only thing she wanted was went home and kissed her children. Nearly a month had passed by, still can’t see anyone. She was in tears every day, suddenly, the woman appeared in front of her.
“Where are other peoples? Why is there no one in the palaze?” Mary asked.
“Queen was the only person permitted live here and the only thing she can have is money. Friendship and love is unvaluable.”
“I beg my leaving for the earth. I tell you the truth, I’m not Chon. I’m Mary, and not your queen. Please send me home,” Mary begged.
“I’m sorry to hear that. Now that you have said that you were Chon, you are our queen. There’s no chance to go back. I wish you have a happy life here,’ the woman disappeared.
“Mum, Mum, it’s time to get up,” her son shaked her body. Mary opened her eyes, noticed that it was only a dream. From then on, she didn’t complain about her life anymore, and knew that love was the most important thing in life.   
