Hello, Miss Green. I’m Lorry’s mother.” I said, “I wonder who is Charles in Lorry’s class.”
“Charles? We don’t have a student called Charles. Do you make a mistake?” Miss Green answered.
“I’m sure I don’t make a mistake, as Lorry has talked so much about Charles to us for weeks. I even know that he is a boy who is a paradox, sometimes he was so naughty but sometimes he performed like a gentleman,” I said.
But Mrs. L, we didn’t have a student call Charles actually. According to your description, the image of Lorry just comes up into my mind.” The teacher told, “I have had wanted to talk to you for a long time. To some extent, Lorry is a good student. He would help me with some work, such as collecting homework. At this moment, he was a good assistant. But he often did evil things, pulling classmates legs, destroying the class order, taking in others.”
“Is it the boy—Lorry—you mentioned that is my son?” I asked trembly.
“Yes, exactly. Mrs L.” answered the teacher.
“I am confused, teacher. Maybe Lorry is the exact boy mentioned as Charles by himself,” I wondered.
“That’s a problem. Maybe there’s something wrong with it,” said the teacher. 
Finishing the conversation with the teacher, I hurried to home to tell such a terrible new to my husband.
“Hey, dear, have you invited Charles’ mother?” my husband said immediately. I steped into the door.
“There is no Charles at all, we were cheated. Lorry might be the boy he told to us.” Staring at my husband, I said, “Do you think he has mental disease?”
“What? Don’t worry, My dear, Lorry did this must had some reasons.”
“Hi, dad, I’m back. Charles performed as a good boy today.” He said with reluctance voice.
“Lorry, we need a talk.” Father said with a straight face. “Who is Charles? Your mum had talked with your teacher, and knew there was a boy called Charles at all.”
“Dad…, I…” Lorry hesitated, “Ok. I’m Charles. I had a guilty conscience what I did bad thing, I really want to put my feelings out, but I feared that your punishment,” he said on and off and his voice droped to a whisper.
“What a poor boy!” I said, “Whatever you do, you must face the music.”
Now that we have cleared that Lorry didn’t have mental disease and have known the point, we took him to the psychiatrist for some advice. After some examination, it turned out that Lorry had a very high IQ lever over 300. After some guidance, he would have extremely excellent performance.
Several years passed by, Lorry was a man rather than a boy, also a top science in his field. 
