 “That’s good. We’ve got some gifts for you,” smiled the two women, “But you should come with us.” Nervous as Mary was, the desire for getting possession of the two boxes which she thought were filled with gold and diamond encouraged her to follow them. Stepped in the gate of the lizard ship, she found that everything there were splendid. Furniture were all made of gold and diamonds, which she had never thought belonging to her because even hard did she work, she could never afford even one of them. She was so excited and curious.
All of a sudden, the lizard ship began to take off, flying towards the dazzling sun. Mary became to enjoy her new life in the ship. The two women treated her as their good friend, so as the other people in the ship, except two women, the two who had asked Mary to give the gifts to Chon and Mary denied she was Chon. Mary was anxious. She was afraid that the two would tell others that she was lying. But to her disappointment, they really did. Mary had to continue to le. There was no any other way for her to go!
Mary told people there that she was chon and she had denied she was because she was too nervious. Luckily, people there were amicable and believed her immediately.
The journey had lasted three days and the ship finally landed, landing on a strange but beautiful planet. Mary was so happy that she could live there as the people told her. No longer would she bear the burden, do the hard work and be treated badly by her boss. The new world and happiness stuffed her mind, making her forge her two lovely children.
Everyday, she flied as a free bird in the sky of the planet, sang as a happy fish in the sea and enjoyed the sunshine as a vigorous deer on the grassland. Life seemed filled with freedom, happiness and love—nothing else—only.
But good thing never lasts long. She became to miss her children. The images of them played like a tape loop in her head, never drawn off from her mind. More and more upset she became, though the new world was still full of things she had desire to gain and struggled to persuit. People found her frustrated and certainly wanted to see her happy smiling again. Knowing the reason why she was so depressed, they were eager to help her but they were at a loss to do so, because Mary had received the two boxes which she was so greedy that she thought there existed gold and diamonds. Instead, the gifts in the two boxes, were the citizenship in the planet and friendship with the people. As Mary had been belived of her identity as “Chon” and surely the owner of the gifts, she was incapable to get rid of her status and leave the planet. What’s more, it was difficult to abandoned the things which had colored her lift and lightened her hope.
However, love, eternally, can defeat everything. Leave every disastrous result, she decided to tell the truth. Everyone was shocked by the truth. The one who always lived with them happily and treated them so sincerely was continuing telling a lie. What an unacceptable fact! No one can afford the truth and all felt sad. The planet became to be in chaos. Sky was no long blue and everyday, wind and rain attacked the planet. People suffered a lot. 
