When I went to the office, the teacher told me that Charles’ mother had been dead. I was so surprised and shocked by the news.
“His mother died last Thursday. She had been seriously ill for several months and had stayed in hospital for long.” The teacher sadly told me. 
“How poor!” I said, with great pity.
“Charles used to be the best student in our class.” The teacher continued, “Although his family’s poor and can’t afford any expensive clothes or food for him, he never minded. He was so happy and optimistic. Your son Lorry, also loved to play with him. But everything has changed since his mother was formed a diagnosis of cancer.”
I was curious and felt greatly sympathy with Charles. I knew it well that every child loves his mother.
“The behavior of Charles had totally changed. Using to be a polite, happy child; Charles became a naughty boy. He was rude to his friends and even the teacher. He no longer got any high marks in the exam and he was always late for school and forgot to do his homework. Last week, a teacher who didn’t know his family condition asked the pupils to describe their mothers, which made Charles so excited and cannot help restraining his sadness. He stood up and said, “I don’t want to tell you anything about my mother.” The teacher became angry after that, and asked him to stop talking. Charles, as well as angry, ran to the teacher and beated him.
“I remembered I was told by my son that Charles had beaten his teacher. But Charles behaved quite well last week, didn’t him?”
“Absolutely. His mother asked Charles to be a good boy and treat others politely as she used to tell him. She was worried about Charles and was so eager to see her lovely son be a good one that everybody likes. Aiming to please his mother, Charles become behaving well again. He was willing to help everyone and be kind to everyone, making her mother so happy. Everyone relieved, as we all saw that Charles became the boy he used to be.”
Tears trickled down the teacher’s face, I feeling regret that we had made fun of Charles as he was the representative of bad boys.
“The fact of his mother’s death made Charles change again, right?”
“Yes, since his mother died, Charles has been upset all the time and his behavior became worse and worse. We can’t find out any way to deal with it.” The teacher, sobbing sadly, said.
At that time, a man, who looked haggard and pallid, came in the office. He introduced himself to us, saying, “Good evening, I’m Charles father.”
We were surprised and was told something about Charles. Charles’ family was poor and Charles’ father had to support their family. Unfortunately, what made matter worse was the expense on curing the disease of Charles’ mother was so much. Now the father had to do some part-time job. As a result, he had little time to take care of Charles and he was worried but didn’t know what to do.
Realizing the father’s anxiety, the teacher and I decided to help him, making some suggestions to him. We thought that mother’s love is greatly important and crucial to a child’s life. So we thought we should make Charles feel that love is always surrounding him. In spite of lacking mother’s love, he was still loved by all the people around him.
The first step we take was to make Charles realize that there were many things for him to be proud of himself. Every time when Charles made achievements or do something good, we should appreciate it and the families of the children in his class may often invite him to their house.   
