 “My name is Chon.” Mary answered.
“At last, we find you, Chon.” The woman said happily. Then the two women gave Mary the boxes. “We have gifts for you.”
“Oh, thank you.” Mary answered, pretended to be calm, but in fact, she was so nervous.
However, the women didn’t seem to notice anything. They walked back up the ramp. The door opened and closed with a hiss. Mary heard the low humming sound again as the ship lifted and disappeared.
Mary opened one box. It was filled with gold! And another was full of dimonds! Mary closed the boxes quickly with her shaking hands, and looked around. There was no one on the street. Mary was so excited that she couldn’t thin. She went home immediately. 
That day Mary didn’t go to work. She dreamed a lot about her future. She thought she should buy a comfortable house first, then open her own company, so that she would not need to get up pearly and wait for the always-late bus any more. May be she could also send her children to the best school, and gave them the best things, whatever they want. All day long she was kept thing, and she was so excited.
The next day, when she went to work, she felt that she was different, not the poor single mother any more. She was so confident which she, herself didn’t understand.
The boss came and asked why she didn’t come to work the day before.
“Oh, I’m sorry”, Mary said, “but something happened to me and I don’t know how to explain it.”
“Very well,” said her boss, “You are often later for work without good reason. You needn’t to explain this time because you are fired!”
Mary answered, “I don’t need this damn job because I’m now rich!” The boss was surprised. How can she be so rude? She was used to be a kind and gentle woman.
Walking out of the restaurant, Mary began to spend her property. She got a large sum of money by selling dimonds. Mary didn’t tell the truth to her children, she just told them that she inherited a large piece of property. The children were very happy.
Mary was different indeed. They bought a large and beautiful house, and even Mary had no job., they could live a comfortable life. Mary became a mystery . Everyone in the city knew about this rich woman, but no one knew where he money had come from. 
One day. Two policemen came to Mary’s house. They said they have questions to ask Mary.
“Madam, we’ve been told that the dimonds you sold were cultural relics. They belong to the country. If you can’t give us a good reason, I’m afraid you have to be arrested.”   
Mary was puzzled. How could this happen? She was afraid of being arrested, so she tried to tell the policemen about the strange thing happened three months ago. Mary finally remembered the name “ Chon”.
“So, Madam. Are you trying to tell us your dimonds are the gifts from the aliens? I’m afraid that we can’t believe it.”
Mary nearly bursted into tears. She described the ship, the women and what they have said, but the policemen still didn’t believe her.
“Madam. There is no UFOs, no aliens in this world. Now it seems that you can’t justify yourself. So we have to arrest you.”
Mary was sent to prison. Her house was sold by auction, and her children was sent to their father. Mary lost everything. In prison, Mary thought nothing but the name, “Chon”. What does it mean？Who is Chon? Can this Chon save me?
One night, all the people in the prison fell asleep. Mary was still awaken. Suddenly she heard some voice. Then the voice became clear. It was a woman’s voice, and the woman was talking to her! 
“The gifts are for Chon.”
Mary was so scared, she answered, “Forgive me! I was poor and I have two children, I don’t have enough money to feed them!”
“You’re not Chon! The gifts are for Chon.” The voice said.
“I’m not Chon. I’m Mary. Please, please tell them the truth. Please let me out, I’m not a thief! I want to see my kids!”
“Well,” said the woman, “I can help you, but you must find Chon and give Chon your gifts.”
“But who is Chon?” Mary asked.
There was no answer.
The next morning, when Mary waked up, she suddenly remembered the conversation last night. Was it real?
A policeman came. He said Mary was free.
“What?” Mary couldn’t believe her ears.
“I apoligize. We made some mistake. We find the mistake this morning, and you are innocent.”
Now Mary was certain that what happened last night was real. And now she has to find the “Chon” and give Cho the gifts! But where can she find him? or she?
When she leave the prison, Mary first went to see her children. Now she couldn’t live with them, if she want the children again, she would face a challenge.      
