 “Miss Smith,” I said to Lorry’s teacher.
“I heard from my son that there is a boy named Charles in this class.”
“Yes. That’s right,” Miss Smith answered. The smile on her face implied that she was a kind woman.
“Well…I’m a little curious about him. I mean, Lorry talked about him quite often.”
“Charles is a good boy,” Miss Smith said, and that made me feel a little surprised. “Charles sometimes helps me to collect students’ textbooks. He did it well.”
For a moment, I didn’t know what to say. Then I remembered Lorry told us about this once. Just when I was thinking, Miss Smith asked me, “Why do you ask about him?”
I think I shouldn’t let Miss Smith know that Lorry always told us about how bad Charles is, What’ more, he became a butt of ridicule among us! But I really wanted to know the truth, and I was worried that Lorry showed too much concern for him, maybe he would be influenced.
I told Miss Smith about my worries, and I said that I believe Charles is a good boy, I just didn’t know why Lorry paid such attention to him.
Miss Smith said, “Well, Charles mad many troubles, indeed, but every boy in the class make troubles, just not that frequent.”
However, I was even more confused. If Charles was just like everybody else, why Lorry never told us about other students? I felt something must be wrong. And the problem is not Charles, but Lorry.
After talking with the teacher, I began to look for Charles’s mother. I felt sorry that we misunderstood her son. I asked some mothers but only got the replies “No”. Just when I nearly gave up, a woman walked toward me and asked, “Excuse me, are you Lorry’s mother?”
“Yes,” I answered.
“Nice to meet you! I wanted to meet you for quite a long time. I’m Charles’ mother.”
I was shocked. She wanted to see me?
I invited her to our house. She was an elegant woman with beautiful smile. I could not imagine Charles’s mother.
“My son Charles told us about Lorry nearly every day.” She said excitedly. It may be indicated to be refered, but sometimes he said Lorry made troubles and the teacher punished him.”
I told her Lorry said the same tings about Charles. They were interested in each other.
“However, I don’t believe what Charles said, I mean, every child is naughty. It’s normal. They are both good boys.”
I agreed entirely. I apologized that we had a misunderstanding. I realized that in the whole month all we talked were about how bad Charles was. My husband and I forgot to pay attention to our son. When he talked about Charles, we believed that he was the only trouble-maker in the class. And that day when I had a talk with Miss Smith, I forgot to asked he about my son Lorry!
I had to make Lorry think in a different way. When I chatted with Charles mother, I understood that when Charles helped the teacher to collect the textbooks, Lorry didn’t do his homework several times, and Charles told Miss Smith about that. I thought this may be the cause which made Lorry dislike Charles.
The next day, when Lorry came back from school, I said, “Tomorrow is satursday, and let’s go for a picnic with my new friend.” “Who?” Lorry asked. “Mary, Charles’s mother,” I said. “So Charles will be there?” Lorry said angrily. “I think so. If you don’t like him, you can stay at home and feed yourself.”
The next day, Lorry went to picnic with us unwillingly. We two families went to a very beautiful place. Charles was a pretty boy, Mary’s husband was also very gently. My husband and I like them so much. We had a wonderful time. The four adults had a lot of things to chat. Lorry had no choice but to play with Charles. After all they were little boy. After a short time, they became good friends.
After that day, Lorry seldom told us the bad things about Charles, instead, he talked about what he had learned, what happened that day and his new friend. My husband and I felt happy for him. And we cared more for our son, asked him to do his homework and not to be a trouble-maker.
Now Mary, Charles’s mother is my good friend. We meet quite often. The two boys, Charles and Lorry are good friends, too. I think this is Lorry’s first lesson at school—to learn how to love other people.  
