 “We have found you at last,” said the women.
Then, one of the women opened the first box. Mary was so anxious to look the gold. Suddenly the air around her was to glow the yellow light. “It’s gold for Chon.”
Immediately, the other woman also opened the second box. With a cool, white light, the woman said softly, “It’s the diamonds for Chon.”
“We do what we should do, now it’s your turn now.”
Mary was taken toward that lizard ship at once, unaware of what had happened just now.
“What do you want to do? Let me down!” Mary cried with fear.
However, the two women seemed that they didn’t hear what Mary said they just took Mary, went up the ramp and into the lizard ship, which was like a lab.
Mary was put down on a big table, which was just like the table for doctors to do operations. All of a sudden, a ray of shiny and green light fell down and filled with Mary. Then Mary lost her conscience.
After Mary came to, she found herself lying on the grass not far away from her house. She immediately searched for the lizard ship, with nothing to find. It looked like a horrible dream. Maybe I was in dire need of money recently, so I imagined too much, thought Mary.
Suddenly, Mary’s hand touched something hard. Looking at the two boxes which were just like the two women had given her, Mary’s heart went to the mouth. Mary slowly opened the boxes, “Oh, My God! They’re the gold and diamond.” Mary felt very puzzled.
The first idea occurred to her was that she should go home as soon as possible. Mary hold the two boxes I her stomach and rushed towards her house.
No sooner had she arrived at home that she quickly hid the two boxes under her bed. Then she breathed deeply for a moment. They only thing she wanted to do is forget this thing for the time being.
At 5:30 p.m., two children returned home as usual. Then they all have a happy time in dinner.
“Mom, why does your face look so pale?”
“Dear, It’s nothing. Just enjoy the dinner and stop talking.”
Mary’s life seemed normal.
All of them went to bed at 10:00 pm. But Mary still couldn’t sleep.
It was 12:00 at night. Suddenly, Mary had a stomachache, she felt her stomach becoming bigger and bigger. “It’s so painful just like the moment she was going to have a baby.”
Touch the bigger and bigger stomach, Mary felt painful and scareful. Mary struggled on the bed, then fell onto the floor and cried out all the time.
Mary’s children was awake and hid in their room, full of tear.
Mary kept on crying and turned left and right.
After 45 minutes hard time, Mary at last gave birth to a baby, who is a boy. All the floor was full of “flood”, which was green. Mary was still scarefull. She looked at the baby and didn’t know what to do.
After about an hour, she went towards the baby. The baby had something like a small pole on his forehead, and was very ungly. Mary suddenly thought of the lizard ship and the two women. Not until then did she realize this was not a dream. But why she could have a baby when she didn’t have any sex behaviors. Her mind was full of questions and puzzles.
She quickly cleaned her house and asked her two children to go back to the bed.
She looked at the baby and thought about throwing it who was just like a moster.
After thinking all night, she decided to throw the baby in the early morning.     
