 “Good evening, Miss White. I’m Lorry’s mother. Nice to meet you.”
“Good evening, Nice to meet you.”
“Miss White, would you please tell me who is Charles in your class?” I asked anxiously.
“Charles? Which Charles? Did you make a mistake? There is no one called Charles in my class.” Lorry’s teacher felt puzzled.
The moment I catched the teacher’s words, I was at sea and asked again. “Are you sure there is no Charles? But my son had ever told me many things about him.”
“Of course, I’m very sure. It’s my class and I know well all of the students in my class.” Miss White said firmly and without hesitation.
“Oh.” I kept silent for a moment.
“Mrs. Brown, I’d like to tell you something about Lorry rather Charles. Do you learn about Lorry’s behaviors in school during the past four weeks.” Miss White looked at me.
Suddenly, I realized that I should focus on my son more. Then I answered “Maybe, he did so so, but I’m a little worried about him. What’s wrong with him?”
Her face became more serious and said, “I have to talk about this matter seriously. The first day Lorry came to class, he quarreled with one of his classmates and even beat him. And the second day, when I asked him not to quarrel with others, he came to hit me, so I also punished him. The first two weeks, Lorry did many things, like this and interrupt the class, and I had no choice but to punish him. In reality, I had even thought about talk to you before, but Lorry suddenly behaviored well during the third and fourth weeks. Then I inferred that you and your husband had educated Lorry well. But, to my disappointment, he now became the one who always behaved wrong just like before.”
I listened carefully and felt amazing with no word out. I completely confused and couldn’t believe my ears. 
“Miss White, Did Lorry really do so?” I stared at Lorry’s teacher, hoping that she would said to that she made a mistake.
“Yes, Mrs. Brown. I wasn’t kidding. What I just told you about your son is true.” Miss White also stared at me.
All of a sudden, I realized that Lorry was the “Charles” and “Charles” was Lorry. How foolish I was in the past four weeks. Then I recalled my memory.
Every time Lorry talked to us something about “Charles”, we didn’t pay more attention to analyse the wrong behaviors of Charles’s and we even didn’t care for Lorry’s study and behaviors in class. The topic what we often mentioned was “Charles” rather than Lorry.
“Mrs Brown, it seems that you didn’t know anything about Lorry’s behaviors in school, did you?”
“No, I didn’t. I felt so sorry about that. From now on, I will attch importance to this matter and educated Lorry well. I will make every endeavor to do it” I said firmly.
“I’m glad to hear that. Lorry still is a little boy, don’t be so worried about him, He will become a good student, and I also exert myself to help him.”
After getting out of school, I immediately phoned my husband, and told this amazing thing to him. Then we decided to collectively make a plan to educate “Charles”.
My husband and I was determined to pretend to no knowing the truth about “Charles” and to help Lorry.
On that Tuesday, Lorry come back from school and he also mention some news about Charles.
“Charles”, he went upstairs and said louder, “Charles had done something wrong again today.”
I asked as usual, “What did Charles do? Come here, the luch was ready.”
“Mum, Charles today threw away a little girl’s pencil-box with pens, eraser, and rule in it.”
My husband asked, “What he did was wrong, did the teacher punish him?”
“Of course, Charles was punished again.” Lorry said excitedly.
“Do you know what Charles did is wrong? Can you imitate his behaviors?” I asked loudly.
