Mary said it on purpose. She thought the two women would not check the information seriously. Because apparently they two were the same kind of people as the former two, the former two didn’t ask further questions as soon as Mary denied she was Chon. In the case, Mary thought she can get the gift easily.
Mary couldn’t help thinking the scenes when she had gotten the gift. Judging from the size of the lizard ship and the number of strangers in the lizard ship, the gift must be priceless treasure. As long as I got the gift I can quit my job without hesitation, Mary smiled happily while she imaging she doesn’t have to wait the bus for a long time and do a hard job at the restaurant. “Then I can afford my children to private school, move in a luxury house and live a comfortable life,” the images became more and more clear to Mary. It seemed that the bright beautiful future was waving at her.
“Are you sure that you are Chon?” the two women asked. But Mary was too excited to get it until the third time they repeated. “Yes, of course. I am Chon.” There was a little voice sounding in Mary’s mind “You are cheating them.” However Mary soon comforted herself that “It is my lick why not hold it. Later I will donate some of the treasure to the public.”
“And this is the gift for you,” the woman said cheerfully and handed the box to Mary. There appeared a weird look on their face but soon disappeared. Mary fail to notice as she was beyond pleasure. As soon as Mary touched the box, the box fell down and a red light came out then Mary lost her consciousness. A long time passed, Mary came to herself and found herself in shark red suit which has the same style as the strangers who had gone away leaving their lizard ship.
The box was locked and a note stuck on it. Mary read it quickly “I’m sorry that now it is your task to find out the real owner for the box. The box has an old magic in it. Only its true owner can really own it. And the one who wanted to cheat it will be forced to find the true owner with the lizard ship for it until the owner finally come or another degree people come to it. You have no choice but to follow the words.”
“Oh, no,” Mary paralized after reading the notice. “What can I do now? What can I do now?” Mary murmured. “First of all I should calm down. Maybe I could try to escape and forge the box.” Mary tried many ways but the box and the lizard ship caught her firmly very time. Finally Mary gave up to run away.
“Maybe I can use the box to induce someone else who need money very much, and I will be free.” A idea came to Mary, “No, that’s not a good way. I myself is a victim I can’t lead others to do thing wrong.”
Mary called her ex-husband to come to take care of the children and she started her journey to find the true owner of the mysterious box.
Everyday Mary flied her lizard plane to some certain places asking people who is Chon. She didn’t show the charming box in front of the people she consulted, or she didn’t want to attempt other people to follow her way. During the process, Mary met various kinds of people. Still she has many impressive experiences in her mind.   
