Ann was Lorry’s head teacher who was about 30 years old and always wearing a warm smile. “Ann I would like to know one of Lorry’s classmate—Charles.” I asked before I sat down.
“Why you are so interested in Charles?” Ann still smiled.
“My son Lorry always tell us the stories about Charles, I became curious about him.” I was in dire need of knowing the answer.
“Ok, Charles is one of my students and also he is my son.” There was a flicker of proud in her eyes.
“Your son?” I was so shock that I paused for a while “You must have a hard time”. Surely, she would say yes, I murmured to myself.
“Hard time? Ah, not so much. But I have to admit that to take care of 60 naughy pupils is not an easy job. Luckily most of the children in my class can behave themselves. And my son is my proud and comfort. He does a good job at courses also as a monitor he can set an example for the other children.” Ann said with great joyment while I was totally confused.
“Now it’s time to talk about your son Lorry. He was always late for school. Everytime he said you forgot to wake him up or you were late to cook for him. Is it true?”
At that moment, I couldn’t believe my ears. Every morning I get up early at 6:00 o’clock, cook breakfast and wake Lorry up. It is impossible for him to be late because the school is only 10 minutes from my home. Thinking that I have to find out the truth myself. I replied to the teacher “I’m sorry. I’ll try to prepare Lorry get to class on time.” Then I left the teacher office.
On the way home, I was so angry that I wanted to beat Lorry immediately. 
On second thought, that there must be some reason that Lorry lie to us, I calmed down.
The next morning, as usually I cooked and waked Lorry up. Then after Lorry went out to school I followed him. Lorry said goodbye to the nextdoor girl when they came to a turning of the street. The nextdoor girl went towards the school and my son went to the opposite direction which leads to a field. I followed.
Lorry met an older boy under a tree. The chatted happily. I moved close and hind myself behind another tree. I noticed that the older boy held a little bird in his hand saying “this is what I find as I climbing the tree.” “Oh, you are so great. I am sure I can find one too.” My son said and touched the feathers of the bird.
After a while my son said “ Now what things else about Charles can I told my parents? Not saying dirty words again. Maybe this time I can say Charles eat things in class and the teacher punished him to get out of the class.” “Yes, that’s OK.” They chatted and walked to the school. I looked my watch it was already 20 minutes late for school.
Now I knew the truth. It was obvious that Lorry will spent the next whole morning play with the bird or other things the elder boy gave him. As he focused on his own playing he had no time to find interesting things happen in his classroom so he make up the stories of Charles for us. Every time he or the elder boy will think up some bad behaviors of Charles and we will forget to ask him other things such as his study, his teachers.
Sign! My husband and I always curious about Charles. In fact, Lorry was the real Charles, who lied and be late for class. Now I have to meet “Charles”, father. We have to have a cup of tea and talk about “Charles”. I rushed home…    
