 “So you are the person we are looking for,” the two woman smiled and said.
“Yes, I was so scared just now that I didn’t dare to admit I am Chon,” pretended Mary, “do you want to give those two boxes to me, too?” Mary stared at those two boxes with her greedy eyes, imaging that there were more diamonds and gold lying in the boxes.
“If you are chon, we will give them to you,” said the two women with gentle voice, “but don’t open these two boxes until it is necessary.” Then, the two women went back to the lizard ships and disappeared in the sky.
Mary was too surprise to say a word, she couldn’t believe what she came across. At that moment, what thought was that she no longer had to wait for the late bus everyday, no longer to go to work and work hard everyday, and she could use the gold and diamonds to buy what she need, and live a best-off life with her two children. With the four boxes held in her hands, she forgot everything including thinking of the questions of who Chon was. 
After arriving at home, Mary suddenly found that her apartment was too small and ugly to be lived in any more, so she decided to use the gold to buy the most expensive and luxury house. That amazed her relatives. The all wondered why Mary became so rich suddenly. But Mary never told them. She just received her two children from school and told them, “My dear children, listen, your mum has got rich, and you don’t have to eat the leftovers anymore. But one thing that you must remember, if someone asks you what’s your mother’s name, you must say “Chon”.
Her children were both very confused about what their mother was saying, and they didn’t know why their mother had to change her name as Chon.
Anyway, with spending the happy and luxury life in the new house, Mary really felt that she was the luckiest woman in the world. As time goes by, she gradually forgot her real name was Mary, and she even loved the name, Chon. Mary, no, “Chon” held parties everyday with her friends and relatives, who were also very greedy and arty. With more and more parties hold in her house, Mary found that the gold in the first box and the diamond in the second box were not enough for her any more. So she wanted to pen the third box. Before she opened it, suddenly a voice came to her ears, “don’t forget what I said.” Mary was so scared at that moment, and she remember that the two women from the lizard ship ever told her not to open the third box in case of emergency. After a deep thought, Mary talked to herself, “In my book, no money to live to luxury life is also an emergency.” So, Mary opened the third box without any more thinking. She ever imagined that it must be many silver coins or even something more worthwhile, she opened the box, a cold, dark light filled the air.
“What’s happening?” Mary shouted in a screaming voice, a strong wind like a hurricane was blowing out of the box, like an evil landing to the world.
Mary was too frightened to open her eyes. She buried her head with one of her arms and grasping the door with another arm. Everything was suck into the box, the box was just like a hungry devil, sinking all the beautiful things around Mary. Mary fainted finally. When she woke up, she found nothing but the four boxes around her. Nobody was next to her, and she could not find someone to ask what was happening. Everywhere was dark, her house disappeared, her “friends” and “relatives” disappeared, and even her children, disappeared.
“My dear children, where are you?” Mary shouted exhaustedly, “what’s going wrong? Please, please tell me what should I do.”
At that time, the two women appeared again, just like the first time, the two women began speaking without moving their lips, “I ever told you before, never open the third box until you find it necessary.
“But I find it necessary.” Mary justified.
The two women smiled and said, “Are you really Chon?”
“Open the third box again and it will tell you the answer,” then the two women disappeared.
Mary couldn’t believe it, “what?” Must I open it again? It is terrible.”
Anyway, she had nothing to do but obey the order. This time, no light came about what you really want, please look for Chon, and she will tell you now you can find out what you want.”
    “What I want? Look for Chon?” Confused Mary.
Mary sat on the ground and went into a deep thought. It reminded her of her past life, waiting for the late bus, going to work, sending her children to school. Though the past life was really hard, she felt full and meaningful. When she thought of her luxury life after getting rich, she suddenly felt very empty and lonely.
Yes, though I am rich now, but everyday what I see is those hypocratic faces, they came to my parties just for my money. I don’t love them. What I want is my children. I need their company. I need them rather than money. Chon, where are you? I’m Mary, I’m not Chon. Please appear, Chon, I need your guidance, please!” Mary cried loudly, and her tears dropped onto the fourth box. Suddenly, the fourth box gleamed in a bright light and opened itself. A beautiful and gleaming woman flied away from the box with a gentle and lovely smile.
“Are you looking for me, Mary? the woman said.
“You’re Chon?” asked confusingly Mary.
“Yes, I’m Chon, and I come from your tears.” Chon said.
“My tear? So can you tell me what I can do to get back my children? I just want to live with them happily, nothing else I want to get.”
“So you finally find out that you indeed want?” Chon asked.
“Ok! All the things disappeared just because of you greedy mind and what I can do is to help you to find out who you are. Just cross you fingers and pray what you want sincerely. You’ll find out the answer.”
“Thank you. I’ve already known that I am Mary, not Chon,” said Mary.
Praying for her children, Mary closed her eyes and imagine the simple but happy life with her children. After 10 seconds, she opened her eyes and found that she was still waiting for the late bus…
“Is it just a dream?” thought Mary.
 
