 “Excuse me,” I said politely, “Are you Lorry’s teacher, Mrs. Zhao?”
“Yes, I am,” said Mrs. Zhao, “So you are Lorry’s mother, right?”
“Yeah, I am glad to participate in this parents’ meeting, you know, I really worry about my son, Lorry,” said I.
“Really? Yes, of course you should be worried about him, after all, he is still you son,” said a little angrily, the teacher tided up her paper and set it aside, implying that she would like to have a good talk to me, “Please be seated.”
“Well, I sat down and said, “thank you, and as far as my son is concerned, the purpose that I come to talk to you is related to another boy in your class, maybe you’ve known him well, the boy who is very naughty and even infamous.”
“Another boy who is very naughty and infamous?” asked Mrs. Zhao, “who are talking about exactly?”
“You don’t know him? I used to think that his name is worse known to all since my son Lorry is always talking about his bad and awful behavior after going home,” said I confusingly, “and I’m really worried that his bad manners will influence my son’s future. And I want to know why Charles’s mother doesn’t come to our parents’ meeting because I need to talk to her.”
“Charles? Who is Charles?” asked Mrs. Zhao surprisingly.
“Of course, the naughty boy in your class, who is always so rude and even teaches a girl to say some rude marks, as a result of which you blush the girls teeth with soap!”
“Ha, ha, ha…” Mrs. Zhao bursted into laughers and said, “well, so you also admit that the boy you called Charles is really a naughty boy, and we should take some measures to punish him in order to change his bad behavior, right?”
“Of course, that’s where the proplem lies in, so I want to know how to contact Charles’ mother, and I must tell her some suggestions of how to cultivate her son”, firmly said I.
“Really? Ok, if you really want to talk to “her”, I give her address and contact number to you. I am sure you will find her in a second,” the teacher said while noting down the address and contact number on a piece of paper.
“Oh, thank you, Mrs. Zhao, and I think you should talk to Charles’s mother because it is your duty to keep in touch with the children’s parents and convey the information of what their children do at school,” said I bravely.
“Thank you for your suggestion, and you initiative coming to talk to me is already a good chance for me to know that I must strengthen to advice the parents to talk more to their children,” said Mrs. Zhao.
“Of course, you are welcome.” With receiving the piece of paper, I surprisingly found that what the teacher wrote was my address and my phone number, so I asked, “what’s the matter, Mrs. Zhao, it’s my home and phone number.”?
“That is what I want to say, ma’am,” said Mrs. Zhao, “I mean, you are the person who you want to find.”
“What? What do you mean? I’m…”
“Yes, you are “Charles’s mother”. Charles is Lorry, Lorry is Charles, so you are Lorry’s mother, you are also Charles’s mother, your sons is lying.”
That was really a thunderstorm for me. I never thought of my son, Lorry will make up such a big story to cheat me and my husband.
“So what Charles did is just what Lorry did?” I asked unbelievably.
“That is it. It is your son Lorry who behaves so rude at school, and it is your son who taught a girl to say something rude, and it is your son, Lorry, what he had done at school, but I never thought that he would use a boy called Charles instead.” said Mrs. Zhao.
On my way home, I was even very sad in that I didn’t know that Lorry would behave so rude at school. But, after my deeper thinking, I understood that perhaps Lorry was afraid of losing face and telling the truth to us, so he created a boy called Charles instead. And what I had to do was to teach him how to face what he did and tell him how to behave well rather than expose his lie. So I went back home immediately and told my husband our strategy.
After Lorry came back, it seemed that he was a little worried about that we had disclosed his lie, so he pretended to be very casual and asked, “Mum, how’s the parents’ meeting?”
“Well, very good,” I said, “We talked about each other’s child and I really learned a lot.”
“Have you seen Charles’ mother?” he asked with his open and big eyes shining.
“No, but I really want to talk to her, you know, Charles is, in fact, a very good boy, he just lacks some suggestions on how to face his growing up future,” said I.
“Yes, in fact, Charles can be a good boy,” my husband continued, “and he should talked more with his parents, as you know, he was not alone in the world, and his parents must be very worried about him.
“Really?” said Lorry, “but it seems that Charles enjoys what he does, and he never minds what other people’s remarks,” said Lorry.
“Well, Lorry, you are one of the classmates of Charles’s, do you think you are responsible to have a talk to him? You know, maybe Charles just needs friends to talk to, just like me and you.” I embraced my son and said gentlely. My husband touched Lorry’s head with his gentle hand and said, “That’s true, maybe you can talk to him, he need your advice and also, our advice.”
I can feel that the atmosphere at that moment was really very warm. And I could also feel that my heart was closer to my son’s heart.
“Ok,” said Lorry after a short silence, “if you have something to tell Charles, just tell me, and I will tell him.”
In the following days, my husband and I would mention Charles’s behavior and told Lorry how to solve the problems, and Lorry would give “Charles’s” feedback to us.
“Mum, Charles tells me he doesn’t want to be naughty boy again, but he felt very lonely sometimes and just want to make fun with others in order to be noticed by others.”
“Well, my dear son, just tell Charles that everyone wants to be noticed by others, nobody wants to be ignored. But the most important thing is “how to be noticed by others, right? 

