One of the women opened the box. A strong, cool, white light rushed to the sky for a second, then disappeared suddenly. Another woman said, “This is for you, Chon. We hope it can help you.”
The woman, who opened the box, gave the box to Mary. Mary took it out at once. It was a machine made of gold and very tiny so that it can be put in the pocket. Mary confused and asked “What is this?”
“How can’t you know? It’s a money machine that can produce endless money. No matter how much you need, just say to yourself in mind, then press that red button, saying “I’m Chon”, there comes the money,” said one of the women.
Hearing these, Mary felt like she were eating a big pot of honey. Smiled, giggled, and laughed “Thank you so much. It really helps a lot. Goodbye.”
“Meanwhile, you should not lend to others. Or, the one will have a bad consequence. It’s only for you, Chon.”
Mary shaked with fear for a moment and forced herself to smile “Ok”.
The two woman disappeared, so did the ship.
“How could a machine recognize my identity?” There is nothing frightened.” Mary said to herself and rushed home like a bird which acquired the flying skill.
No sooner had Mary stepped into her house than she packed up all her and her children’s luggages, shouting “Jenny, Tom, we go to downtown. Now!”
Mary said to herself that I needed two million dollars. “I am Chon”, said Mary in front of the money machine, then she pressed the red botton. Two million dollars came out at once. Mary smiled like a rose. She took the money and her two children to the city and bought a large house, which was filled with various furniture and had a swimming pool in the back yard.
The children ran ups and downs, jumping on the sofa while Mary was enjoying a tea in the house. She felt she was the luckiest and happiest person in the world. “Thank you, Chon”, she said in a low voice.
Life was full of colors. Sometimes it’s red, sometimes it’s gray.
One cloudy morning, Jenny swam in the pool and no others at home. Suddenly, an insect bited her. Two seconds later, Jenny drunk down in the water.
Mary and Tom came back and saw Jenny’s body flowing on the water, crying out. No one knew the insect was the killer and thought it was just an accident, so did Mary.
Mary took out the machine and did what she had done before. Because she wanted to change a house, shielding Tom from remembering that scene. However, the new house could not change their fate.
After Tom’s eighteen years old birthday party, he was struck down by a car without driver in it. Mary began to felt vaccum and scared. She conjured up what the woman said before and shouted at the machine madly, “I’m Chon! I’m Chon! I am really Chon!”
Four days after Tom’s death, Mary came back to her life, playing around with males, who intended on her money, drinking alcohol, crazy shopping, etc. She took money from the machine more often. All she knew was that as long as she had money, she could owe everything including love.
One night at a pub, she met a handsome man who appealed to her very much. Very soon, they fell in love and the man was called Chon. Mary bought lot of presents for Chon, because she loved him deeply and thought it was God that let them together. But, Chon was intent on her money, without any love to her.
Two months later, Chon married Mary and Mary had his baby. Mary’s life seemed happy, however, the nature was not. Chon soon discovered the money machine and wanted to get it.
One night after Mary was asleep, Chon stole the machine from Mary’s pocket. Luckily, Mary found that and quarreled with Chon. Chon spanked at her “Why don’t you look at the mirror? Do you think I really love you?”
Mary got mad and fighted with him.
Without watching up, Mary hit the window, her fore-head bleeding, Chon took away the machine and let Mary alone.
Mary handed on her belly and cried.
Before the moment Mary died, the two woman appeared, “You are not Chon. This is the result for your lies.”
“I’m sorry. Could you help my baby. I don’t want to loose and kill my third child.”
“I’m afraid I can’t. You got so much money for free, it’s your payment.”
“If I know, I would have not said I were Chon”, Mary said breathelessly.
“It’s too late!” They took away Mary’s soul and disappeared.   
