I went to the office and found Lorry’s teacher, Miss Black, who is a young, beautiful and smart woman. I went toward her, smiling, “Good afternoon, Miss Black. I am Lorry’s mother.”
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Brown.” said Miss Black, with a smile like a rose on her face.
“I wonder, er… whether I can meet Charles’ mother. As Lorry said, Charles is a bad student, who often breaks the rules and offend classmates. I am afraid I have the need to talk with his mother.” I said with a strange tone.
“Excuse me, Mrs. Brown. But, in my memory, there are no Charles in my class.”
“No?” I doubted.
“No Charles. I’m sure.” the teacher answered quickly.
“It’s impossible. If there are no Charles in you class, then Lorry must meet a ghost.” I asserted. “Charles! The one who beat a teacher a few weeks ago, threw a piece of chalk to blackboard, and shouted loudly in school. He is often punished by teachers, maybe not you. And recently, he even taught a girl to say rude words.”
Not until my speech finished, came a big laugh. “Ha, ha, ha. Sorry, Mrs. Brown. But I beg I know who the ghost Charles is.”
“Who? I widened my eyes.”
“It’s Lorry. Lorry is the Charles who you mentioned above. He lied you. Maybe, he is not dare to tell you his behaviors at school directly, so he did in such a way.”
My hand shaked for a moment and I felt all of my hair stood on end. I even could not pit out any word.
With extreme disappointment and striking, I returned home. My husband noticed the paleness on my face. “What’s wrong, darling? Was Charles’ mother so horrible?”
“No…But I consider that, I am Charles’ mother.” I said in a low voice.
Then, I told all what I know to my husband.
After a few moments silence, my husband said, “We’d better wait and see.”
The next day, everything went on as usual.
“Lorry, how is Charles today?” My husband asked, giving me an eye contact.
“He was punished.”
“For what?” I asked at once, worrying.
He was very terrible today. He led two other boys to beat a younger boy, for the younger boy said Charles was not handsome.”
A long long silence was around the house that night.
My husband thought we must take action to save our son. Then, we told our plan to the teacher and prepared to put on a show.
The next evening, Lorry came home and spanked the door, and dropped his shoes in disarray. “Are you Charles?” I asked.
He didn’t answer, regarding the jokes as usual.
When we were having dinner, he talked with his father rudely like usual and filled his mouth with bread and butter. But this time, we would not calm down and neglect these.
“Stand up, boy!” My husband shouted loudly and seriously in a sudden. Lorry was threat and stood up quickly like a soldier. “Why do you do this, Charles? Why you act as my son. But it’s easy to be exposed. Lorry is a good boy with polite manners. You are not my Lorry. We all know you are the bad kid, Charles. Go home and let my son back.” My husband said.
“What’s wrong with you, dad? I’m Lorry, really.” Lorry begged.
“No, you are not!” My husband said, pulling Lorry out of the house. “Give my son back Charles!” spaking the door.
It rained like cats and dogs at that time. Lorry’s brain was rain at that moment. He walked around, and even didn’t know what happened.
He came across Miss Black.
“Good evening, teacher. I need help,” Lorry said.
“Oh, what happened, Charles. You’d better came to my home first, otherwise, you will get a cold.”
“Charles, you needn’t act in my presence. We all know you and Lorry are alike. But, we can recognize you according to your manners, easily.” smiled the teacher.
For Lorry, it’s as if a sudden big storm came. His heart was beat heavily.
“What’s going on? How could Miss Black know Charles? Charles is fake, isn’t he? He is fabricated by me, isn’t it?” Lorry thought over times and times. He began to scare.
The next day he went to school, none of the classmates called him Lorry, but Charles. He felt crazy and rushed to the toilet washing his face. He seized one of the classmates and asked him why they called him Charles.
“You are Charles, so we call you Charles.”
“No, I’m Lorry.”
“Ha, ha. Don’t play the same joke on me. You are Charles. Lorry is a good boy who loves and protects us from you. Yes, you are really alike, but you two are totally different.”
Lorry handed off from the boy’s colar, and went away, quietly.
“No, I am the real Lorry. I’m not Charles. I want to go home. I am Lorry.” Lorry said to himself.
In that afternoon, he went home and said, “Mom，I’m back.”
“Oh, Lorry, you are so early today.” I answer, smiling.
Lorry smiled like taste a candy. “Yes, Lorry is me.” said to himself.
For the sake of being Lorry, he restrain his behavior at home and at school.
At home, he was a polite kid. At school, he was a hard working student.
One afternoon, I asked him “How is Charles now?”
“Oh” he stopped for a moment, “He is very good now. He doesn’t do anything wrong now.”
We all know our plan succeeded.   

