 “Great,” said the women with a smile on their face “here is a gift for you.”
“But…” no sooner had Mary opened her mouth than the women interrupted. “As you see, we’ve got you two boxes. You can choose only one of them.”
A sense of frustration filled in Mary’s mind. “I want both of them” she said to herself. The women’s smile didn’t change, though in Mary’s eyes, turned nasty.
“Could you tell me what they are so that I can make my choice?”
“Ok.”
The woman on the left opened the box and the air around them became foggy. “This is the time machine. With it, you can travel to the future as well as the past.”
The women on the right opened the box and this time, a warm orange light filled the air. Mary felt that her heart suddenly glow with warmth. “What’s this?” asked Mary urgely.
“It’s name is happiness. With it you’ll be the happiest women in the world,” said the second woman.
Although it was a disappointment that the gift was neither gold nor diamonds, Mary soon made her choice. The time machine. 
    Mary laughed heartily on her way home. Exciting images of her future played like tape loop in her head: a wealthy woman who can forecast the future, life became much easier for her.
Watching the bright sunshine just like her future in front of her, Mary felt paralyzed by the thought. Suddenly, an interesting idea came into her mind that she need not have to walk home for the time machine, which was right in her hands, can make time go faster.
Mary opened the box carefully, looked inside and found that there were two buttons. One pointed forward while the other backward.
Mary pressed the forward one and repeated several times “5 minutes” in mind. Next second, she found that herself was already at home.
“Amazing,” cried Mary, “this must be miracle.”
Mary tried one more time. This time, it was late in the evening when her two naughty children had gone to bed and all the housework was done.
Mary soon got a job as a secret consultant for the boss in a big company for the boss would like to get all the information about the stock market. With the magic box, Mary was proved to be quite valuable to the boss. Being wealthy and happy seemed rather easy and reasonable for her.
However, Mary found that sometimes, the time machine would go beyond her control. Time that must be spent on the way to work as well as to home would be skipped throught automatically just like the machine can memorized her habit.
Later, time that she would spent with her children was skipped.
Time that she would got promoted skipped.
Soon, life for her just like a short movie, skipped, uncontrolly.
At the last moment of Mary’s life, Mary thought, as she was lying on the bed with tubes running in and out of her arms that she regretted having said that she was Chon. 
