Lorry’s teacher seemed not at all surprised to see me.
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Carl.” Said Lorry’s teacher. “I suppose that you’ve heard about Lorry’s bad behaviors at school and I planned to talk to you so that we could solve this problem…”
“But wait,” I stopped her, astonishing, “Lorry’s bad behavior? Am I mistaking something? I thought that it was a boy called Charles that behaved quit bad at school. Lorry told me all these.” I argued.
“Charles?” Lorry’s teacher looked at me, confused. “I’m so sorry to inform you that, Mrs. Carl, there is not anyone called Charles in my class. I think Lorry has lied to you.”
The thought of my son’s lying to me for all these months made me dizzy. Was it that “Charles” stories were made up by Lorry so that he could be free from our punishment? “I must figure it out.” I thought to myself.
“Well, Lorry Carl, when judged from what he has done these weeks, is a very naughty boy. Forgive me having said that.” Started the teacher. “He beated me on the second day, first week and later, yelled me at class which greatly affected teaching in our class as well as the class next door.”
I felt that I had butterflies in my stomach as the teacher went on. All the teacher said about Lorry’s bad behavior was once I thought “Charles”. Just as I felt that, I couldn’t listen to this anymore, the teacher added, “Do you know what Lorry did last Friday?” 
“What?” I asked, felt that I can’t bear it anymore.
“He persuaded a little girl to call me “a fucking freak”.
My mind’s abscent during the rest of the meeting and I even didn’t know how I managed to drive back home after hearing such a shocking new. I couldn’t help crying in the bath room. My husband comforted me and said that everything will be all right. We must trusted Lorry. I wish I could.
The next morning I stopped Lorry on his way to school and I asked for a leave for him. Lorry felt nervous for I could see that he went to the toilet frequently and also was afraid of looking into my eyes. I knew why. He knew that what he had done must have been unveiled by the teacher and what he could do was to wait for my punishment.
At lunch time, I still didn’t say a word about it and just acted normally. I was waiting for Lorry to confess himself to me.
Finally, Lorry came to me before bed-time, with tears filled in his eyes. “Mom, I’m sorry,” he said.
“Sorry for what?” I asked. “For making me trust that you are the most adorable kid in the whole world and breaking my heart afterwards?”
Lorry cried heartily next to me. “Mom…yes, I am a bad kid.”
I hugged him tightly, couldn’t help myself crying, saying “No, No, you’re not. I know you must have your reason. Tell me. I won’t blame you on this.”
“Mom, I’m sorry for having done these things but I just can’t help myself.” Lorry spoke very fast just as if he had long to told me all these for a long time. “You know, the teacher ignored me completely. Everytime I raised my hand to answer the question, she ignored me.”
“So? You behaved so naughty just to attract her attention?”
“Yes,” he admitted.
This explained all what had happened. I nodded. “But Lorry, you know all you have done at school was wrong, wasn’t it?”
“Yes, Mom,” he said, raised his head suddenly, “But I promise I won’t do that anymore. Believe me.” He begged.
“I believe you son,” I smiled lovingly at him, “But you’re not going to that school anymore.”
“But why?” asked Lorry panickily, “Mom, you said you trust me!”
“Yes. Instead, I’ll send you to another school. I have made up my mind.” I patted to calm him down, “I don’t believe that teacher. She beats you.”
Ten years passed and I didn’t regret making that decision. Lorry went a art school and graduated a healthy, happy child. And I believe that love can change anything.
 
