 “We have gift for Chon,” Mary heard the familiar sentence, no to her surprise at all.
One of the women opened the box. This time, however, nothing like white light nor yellow light filled the air. Then came to Mary’s eyes a little piece of black stone.
“This might be the least extraordinary thing I’ve seen today,” thought Mary, wondering what would happen after that.
“What is it?” Mary asked.
“Re-dol,” the women answer. “Re-dol for Chon.”
Hardly had Mary realized what to do, the so-called “Re-dol”had been in her hand.
    “What’s…”
It’s too late for Mary to ask. Women from the huge lizard shop had walked back up the ramp. The door opened and closed with a soaring his. Mary heard the low humming sound again as the ship lifted and disappeared.
Everything seemed to come back to be normal. Until now had Mary watched the black stone carefully. It was a quite common piece of stone in appearance, dark and rough. But it was so cold that Mary even felt thrilled with it in hand.
“Where are the ships from? Who are they? Who sents gifts to Chon?...” A string of puzzles bombarded the poor women. 
Another important question in her mind was, “What will they do if they, or somebody, found a fake ‘Chon’ has got the ‘gift’?”
Then Mary was on all her nerves.
She put on her thin old sweater and dropped the stone into one of the front bags—meanwhile observed whether everything came from the sky—then walked back her house with mixed feelings.
Quite strangely, she found her legs lighter and lighter on the way. Finally she couldn’t even control herself but wave her hands frightenedly, her legs hardly landed on the ground. She almost cried out but unfortunately, or maybe luckily, nobody was nearby.
Mary managed to calm herself down at last and thought of the stone. She immediately picked it out of her sweater and dropped it. To her surprise, she fell down as if were thrown by somebody, as soon as the stone landed on the floor.
“Oh, God!” Mary thought to herself. How eagerly she wanted to leave such a ridiculer stuff behind and just come back to her normal life, her busy, shabby but NORMAL life! She also blamed herself for too much curiosity, naughtiness and greediness!
She was still seated on the ground, staring at the silent stone, which was not far from her.
“Maybe I should find out who’s Chon and turn you back,” she whispered, frustrated but determined.
She stood up to herself, nevertheless, faced with the problem as how to carry the magical “Re-dol” with her, before she found out its real master.
Suddenly a good idea dropped into her mind…

 
