 “Excuse me, Miss White”, I said to Lorry’s teacher.
“Oh, you must be Lorry’s mother!” I nodded, “In fact, I’d like to talk to talk about Charles with you.”
“Charles?” she responded with a confused look.
“Yes. As you know, Lorry’s father and I are so concerned about Lorry’s education in school that we want to know more about his peers, especially those affect him much.”
This time, Miss White stopped closer towards me, watched me, as though quite understandingly. 
“Actually, I’ve been in want of talking to you, about Lorry.”
“Yes?” I wondered.
“I’ve been teaching for 15 years and, I believe, I know kids well.” She paused for a while, then continued, “as for Lorry, maybe he hasn’t been adapted to school life and behaved a little differently.” 
“Really?” I couldn’t help and cut in.
Miss White waved her hand to indicate I was too anxious.
“Don’t worry. It is just differently. That’s why I want to talk to you and it would be very kind of you to find out the reason with me.”
Something occurred to me, “Oh, I know, It must be Charles that draws my boy from the track! Isn’t Charles too naughty?”
“Lorry has been always talking about Charles. I should had know that…” I added. Then I told Miss White what we were told by Lorry.
To my puzzle, Miss White shaked her head, signed. Then came the words I’d never expected, “I’m sorry to say that, Charles’s not naught.” She paused again, looked at me straight, “Lorry’s been lying, he’s playing tricks on you just as on us in school. No Charles, instead. Or Lorry calls himself Charles?”
It took me such a long time to truly understand her. When I realized what was going on, my heart sank. 
More words came to me, “It’s not your fault. It neither Lorry’s fault. I can see he’s really really a good boy. He’s smart and kind. He’s just attracting people’s attention, telling he cannot be ignored, unfortunately, in the wrong fashion. What’s more, what he did affects.”
“All right. I’ll see to it.” I promised.
But how? On the way home, I’d been thinking.
When back home, I’d been calmed down. It was Lorry who opened the door for me and looked at me with eager face.
“What about the meeting, have you talked with Charles’s mother?” My husband asked, still not so rationally.
“The meeting was fine, but I didn’t find Charles’s mother…” I answered, quickly glimpsed at Lorry, who was playing with his toy truck, seemingly unaware of our talk.
“What a pity, isn’t it?” My husband whispered.
“Yes, whatever, Miss White specially mentioned about Lorry’s hopefulness in collecting homework. She was indeed satisfied with Lorry’s carefulness. I was so proud when she praised you, Lorry,” I turned to him.
    “Did she?” My little boy turned his head, I could see his eyes sparkled.
“Of course,” I confirmed him, “People will not forget the good you did.” To my comfort, Lorry fell into consideration.
I pushed forwards, “How strange it is that Miss White didn’t mention Charles at all! I’d been expecting multitudinous complaints from her.” 
That night Lorry just kept silent.
In the following days, we can still hear the news about Charles from our child. As opposed to the one before, that “Charles” was no more trick-playing but a boy who was always ready to help others. Lorry announced his daily news delightedly, we never felt strange that Charles had getting more popularity.
We were excited that Charles were growing up so it was with our dear Lorry.


 
