 “Oh, you are Chon!” said one of the women excitedly.
“We have searched for you for a long time,” said another woman.
Then Mary smiled and waiting for the gift them would give her.
“We have something for you,” one shiny silver suited woman said. Then she open the box with her. To Mary’s surprise, there was nothing expensive but an old book. “You should take this book to Mr. Green, who lives in London,” said the shiny silver suited woman.
“But I don’t know who is the Mr. Green you asked me to find or where he live. How can I…” Mary was stopped by a woman’s sounds. “You will if you put your mind into it. Mar. Green is not a common place person. You should find this old gentalmen in special place. You will get what you want if you give him this book.” No sooner the woman had finish these words than they disappeared.
Mary found nothing but that old book. Mary opened it, there was full of numbers. “Oh, my god! What are the numbers mean?” Mary said to herself.
Mary didn’t go to work that day because she felt real tired. She went back home and phoned her boss to ask for a day off. She prepared dinner for her kids and did some housework when waiting for them.
She cleaned the mail box of her house, founding it was full of dust. Suddenly, she sought a piece of paper on which there was an old man’s picture. It was an green paper. Mary look carefully and found a group of numbers 89757.
When her kids came back, Mary told her story to them. But they thought it was fantastic. They didn’t pay attention to what Mary had said. They were busy eating after a whole day’s study.
Mary couldn’t sleep that night. She decided to go to London and find the so-called “Mr. Green”.
The next morning, Mary went to work as usual. Her workplace was in London. And she planned to find the secret Mr. Green after work,
The groups of numbers “89757” was a route for her. She treaded it as an phone number, fax number, door number of a particular street and so on. But after a few day’s searching Mary still couldn’t find out that person.
During these days, Mary came back later or even didn’t cam back home leaving her children ate food her prepared for them the day before. Unfortunately, one of her kids illed.
Mary should take her little kid to see the doctor. But it would cost a lot. One of Mary’s neighbours came up an idea. The person known an old man who had studied in medical school but failed to become a doctor. The old man had basic medical knowledge and he could help. In this way Mary could saved a sum of money. Mary agreed her neighbour’s idea and took her kid to find that old man.
The old man was real kind to help Mary’s kid and didn’t ask for a penny. Mary expressed her thanks to the gentleman. All of a sudden, Mary found there were a group of numbers on the man’s cup: 89757. “Excuse me. I like you cup very much. But would you mind asking you why there is no picture but numbers?” Mary asked. “Oh, just because I am a member of a club named 89757. I joined in when I was in university.” “Do your club have any activities nowadays?” “Not much. We members are all old and we have no new members.”
Mary was so excited about the news. She talked to the old man and said she was willing to help the club 8975 hold a get-together party because the mumbers had met each other for so many years. Mary said she did it to thanks the old man who help her kids.
Mary was busy contacting the club numbers for that party. Unfortunately, many of the mumbers had died. The only one she could contact was an old man lived in London whose family name is Green. But the old Mr. Green said man lived in London whose family name is Green. But the old Mr. Green said man lived in London whose family name is Green. But the old Mr. Green said she was real ill, he could stand the journey to the countryside. Mr. Green said he was real ill, he could stand the journey to the countryside. Mr. Green preferted Mr. While, who helped Mary’s kid, to come to see him. Mr. Green left his address to Mary.
Mary came with Mr. While to visit Mr. Green. Actually, Mary took that old book with her and ere ready to give it to Mr. Green if he was the right person. In Mr. Green’s house, the two old men talked happily and forgot Mary was there. Mary turned on the TV and enjoyed the TV shows. But accidently, she heared Mr. Gree said, “ I’m waiting for book. Special book belonged to my died wife ever. If I got the book, I can find a treasury.” “Don’t talk jokes, my friend,” said Mr. While who wasn’t believe his friend’s words.
Mary’s questions came to Mary’s mind, “Is she Mr. Green who I am looking for? If he is, should I give the book to him or just find the treasury myself?”
Then Mr. Green said he need to hire a person to take care of the housework because his health didn’t allow him to do it, “How about me? I mean I can take care of you. I don’t like my job in the restaurant.”
After a short talk, Mr. Green decided to hire Mary. Mary quiked her job in the restaurant and started work at Mr. Green’s house.
Mary was very careful to talk with Mr. Green. She wanted to find out the secrets of the book or the treasury from Mr. Green’s words and to find the treasury herself.
One day, making sure that Mr. Green was just the person she was looking for. Mary gave the book to him and told him her story.
Mr. Green didn’t know Mary was not Chon because Mary told a lie that she was Chon but hide her real name for many reasons.
They decided to go to the place where the treasury was together.
When the treasure was just before them, Mary killed Mr. Green with a knife.
But suddenly, the lizard ship came again.
Two woman in shiny silver suits came out and stopped Mary from taking the treasure away.
“Hey, You bad woman! We know that you are not Chon!”
:And you do bad thing towards Mr. Green. Such a bad woman can’t get these things!”      
