I wondered who is Charles and why the teacher can bear such an terrible student. So I went to the teacher’s room and had a talk with her. Miss Green, my son’s teacher, who was in charge of my son’s class affairs.
I gave Miss Green a warm smile and introduced myself to her.
“To be honest, I come to you to get some information of Charles.”
“Charles? Who?”
“Is Charles a student in this class?”
“No. My lady, I think you make a mistake.”
I was shaken by her words, Then I claimed myself down and tell Miss Green my story.
Miss Green found it strang but couldn’t tell the reason why Lorry did that.
“Lorry is a good student in my class although he is not an outstander in study or activities. He does everything in the way which regulation allows. I always think he is a good boy. How he behaves at home?”
“To tell you the truth, Lorry has been rougher than before since he went to school. He pays less attention to parents’ words, has bad matters at home and keep talking about Charles’ bad behaviors.” Said I sadly. “But I am concerned that something is wrong with Lorry.”
“I think we should observe him for a period of time before we make a conclustion. What about we don’t break Lorry’s lie and observe him?”
“OK.” I agreed with Miss Green because I have no better idea.
At the bed time, my husband asked me question about Charle. I told him all the thing which made him speechless.
After a while, he said, “I will follow Lorry on his way to school tomorrow.
The next day, my husband did all things that were planned.
In fact, my husband did so in the following few days and finally found out that Lorry was a little bit strange. Lorry was looking around on his way and silent all the way. He tended to have no words with the elder schoolmate, our nighber, who companied with him. When he met classmates on the way, he didn’t greeted with them while other children had a warm greet with her friends.
Every day, Lorry came back from school and told us something about the so-called “Charles” “My God! What’s going wrong with my poor child?” I said to myself when I lost sleep at the midnights.
One day, Miss Green called me and we met at her office that afternoon. “Lorry is normal at school. He is a shy boy, I should say. But I still can find out what’s wrong with him. I asked him questions in class and he could answer. It mean that he isn’t mind-absent in class. I have cheated with him after class and found that he is shy but nice. I have told his story to a psychology teacher. The teacher left his number to me and let me ask you to have a talk with him.
The psychology teacher advised me to take my son to see a psychoanalyst.
When I was home and talked with my husband about it, I almost cried out. I couldn’t accept that my son have such problem.
“Take it easy, my darling. It doesn’t mean that worse. That psychology teacher is not professional so he ask we to seek for professional advise. It is good for us to do so. We should find out the truth. I will visit a psychoanalyst. Let me handle it. You should have a good rest at home.” After finishing these words, he kissed me and made me in peace.
My husband visited psychoanalyst who is specific on children’s problem the next day. He brought good news back. The expert in child psychology didn’t think Lorry had serious problem from what my husband said. The expert, whose name is Charles While wanted to have a talk with Lorry.
It’s hard for my husband and I to cheat Lorry to see the psychoanalyst. But we finally succeeded in making Lorry to see Dr. While by telling a lie that he was going to visit a relation who lost contact with us several years ago.
Charles While had a happy talk with Lorry and presented a psychoanalysis to us the next week. Some termilogy he said were hard for me to understand. Dr. While said Lorry just had a bad tendency. Lorry had force himself to be a good student for a long time. At the same time, he wanted to seek excitement. So he found such a way to releave himself. So our task is to help him to relieve from pression in a right way.  
