 “I have gifts for you,” said both of the women.
“What is it?” Mary asked as if she didn’t expect.
“It’s gold and diamonds for you, as you have offered your promise to us”, said the women with their lips having not moved.
At this moment, Mary hesitated for a while, fear and worried, “What is the promise?” She asked herself, “What can I do, do you suspect whether I am not the exactly they search? What can I do to get the gold and diamonds?” Just when Mary still deep in thought, one of the women told that Chon had promised to provide them with two children on earth to their country which is out of touch, however, there has numerous wealth.
“Numerous wealth”, the term skim into Mary’s mind, those are what Mary has been searching for all the time. 
“What is the life there?” Mary can not help asking about it.”
“As true as what you saw last time, nice, peaceful.”
Hearing this, smile appears on Mary’s face. She had her two children in mind. She was describing the bright future in her mind. “Owing to the gold and diamond, she becomes a rich woman, she has no need to go to work, no need to wait for the hell bus, she will wear the diamond, shopping inside the Mall, slapping the credit card, surrounding by lots of persuers…” She was totally lost. She seems to have the willing to send her children to that wonderful place and rescue herself at the same time.
“We will use the children’s pure skin in honor of our Queen’s death, also it is the honor of you to serve our Queen, as a result, our Queen send the gift to you.”
“In honor of Queen’s death?” Mary cried out. Suddenly she was drop into hell when flying high in the sky.
“Oh, no, what hell am I doing? Does it mean that I should get to the dream with the cost of my children’s life? The most important persons in my life. Both sides, are of great significency. How can I choose?” Mary strived for result, however, she felt confused. 
At the very moment, one of the women said, “Where are the children now? We are going to take them away.”
“God, save me, help me.” Mary was trembling.
She can not bear to lost her two lovely children, dating back to the memory, she divorced, she got the right to bring up her children. The two daughter were almost the whole life of her, they brought her happiness, they never left her before, they were poor, but they still have their joy. The most touch moment is when the daughters told “Mum, I love you forever!” she lated to pick up her children before, but in the dark, late until 9 pm in the evening, her daughter still there at the gate of the school waiting, with cold wind blowing, she made up her mind that she should never leave her daughter alone, she blamed herself for her wrong doing.
Suddenly, her realized what is exactly meaningful to her. The happiness, together with her children even though living a poor life, they are rich in spirit, they have love, they love each other, what is the use of wealth without the love? 
She smiled, told the two women that Chon was died, definitely died in her heart.
With the experience she knew what she need, what is her life! She then walked away at her ease.    
 
