 “Madam I am wondering who is Charles’s mother?” I asked curiously.
“Who?” the teacher relied, as if she didn’t know the student.
“Charles, I mean that student, who is very naughty before, but somehow change a lot recently! I tried to explain more clearly.
“Charles? Sorry? It seems that I do not have such a student, even though he was so bad. Anyway, I intent to figure out it.” I said to myself.
“Well, there must be a student called Charles, my son always told something about him. Oh, yes, I remembered that my son said Charles had asked a girl to say obscenditives, as a result, the girl was punished washing her mouth with shampoo…” I told as much as I knew. 
Suddenly the teacher’s face turn green, I thought she must had recalled the memory then, I can’t help being informed who was Charles.
Just at the moment, when I was waiting to be informed who was Charles, what the teacher said stick my mind.
“Oh, I think it is your son, Lorry.” said the teacher calmly.
I can’t believe my ears, how can it be? It is Charles, not Lorry.” I was so surprised that I even screamed out.
Seems that the teacher has know sth. wrong according to my exaggerated reaction, however, she didn’t know what has happened. She believed that I was shame of what Lorry, that is so-called Charles, had done, so I pretended didn’t know about Lorry’s performance at school.
She tried to calm me down, saying , “Lorry is not that bad, he just a little more naughty…” not until the teacher finished, a man joined and said, “oh, you are Lorry’s mother? Your child was really the central topics of your daily life.” Had seen my embarrassment the father of one student said immediately, “Don’t worry about it much, as you see he has changed a lot. Hope that he will back on track soon.”
I still felt puzzled, and in my deep heart, I believed Lorry was a nice boy, what’s more, I thought my guiding at home was quite well.
I tried my best to express the behaviors I learn Charles from my son. A student with poor performance, even hit the teacher.
However, the teacher told that “It is Lorry who hit me, he was nosy on the class, and I warned him with the punishment of getting out of the class. But he ignorsed it. And I was so angry that I dragged him out of the class. Maybe he felt embarrassed then hit me on my nose with the chair.”
I was astonished hearding that, not only for how bad the behaviour, what’s more, the essential point was that he was son. I could not belive it is my son who had such a bad performance. So, then I said, “But I was learnt that Charles was stronger than my son and he didn’t wear shore and jacket.” 
“While, yes, you son didn’t wear shore when raining and never wear jacket,” said the teacher.
At last, I found exactly mother of Charles, the virtual person told by my son. And Lorry is so-called Charles.
With various emotion, I went back home, expecting what Lorry would explain. And I believed that would be a tough night for both of me and my husband.  
