The two woman smiled and opened the two boxes at the same time. “Chon, you have been judged to be a slave in your rest life for our treason. Here is the decision book and your new ID card. You must be back to Garden now.”
No sooner has Mary made any reaction than she was taken into the lizard ship by the two woman. When she entered into the ship, Mary felt very surprised there just existed a small box like a lift for them to stand. But it was no more energy to concern about what the ship was like, she had only one thought in her mind. “Where will they take me? A slave? What will happen in the future?”
With such a few questions, Mary walked out of the ship through the door having opened with a hissing sound. All action she did seemed to have done by herself but she didn’t have any conscience under someone’s control. 
There was a big room, all around was black, Mary stood in the center of it. She was puzzled why they took her here. She tried to walk by herself. A bit pleasure came her for she wasn’t be in control of others now. She thought “how strange such thing has happened to me! Aren’t they human? Ａscene came to her mind that her two children were smiling at her and shouted “Mom”. Mary began to slip.
At the moment, the door opened with a shape sound. A man came in, tall and strange expression on his handsome face.
“Chon, you are my slave now.” said a cold voice. The man stood in front of Mary very close with a strong eyelight staring at her face.
“Doctor Yang, all have been ready.” A woman dressed silver unit came in.
Mary noticed that the man was different with others in spite of that dressed silver suit and talked without lips moving as well. Because Mary felt he had mood but others not.
Mary lost to control herself again and appeared in a lab. She was tied in a bed and can’t move. In the leftside of the room, here was a large television on the floor. And many scenes all of what were showing. From her born, her childhood, her ex-husband and her children, all the things happened in Mary life.
Mary confused. She shouted at the man “Who are you? What do you want to do?”
The man laughed loudly “Chon, you forget! Ha, ha……” You forget who sent you to the world and let you become a human being, Ha, ha……They all lied and left me and you alone. We lived together for two thousand year. We created a new world, all the people served to us. But you wanted to experience as a human. Ok, I let you do that…”
“I am not human. Am I not human?” Mary shouted. 
