I asked the teacher who was Charles’ mother. However, out of my expectation, the teacher told me no one called Charles in her class. That made me confused, so I told all my son had talked about Charles to her. And the teacher explained to me what happened to Charles were actually what Lorry had done. It surprised me so much that I didn’t what to do. I went home after having asked the teacher not to tell Lorry what I said to her.
Having a longtime conversation with my husband, I decided not to expose my son at the first. We thought that Lorry did that because he didn’t have enough brave to tell us what he had done. I our view, Lorry would admit all that he had done one day. We started a unordinary plan for our son’s family education by such a way that we regarded Charles as a real person.
After parents’ meeting, I still asked Lorry what had happened in the school everyday. When Lorry said, “Do you know that Charles did today?” I and my husband kept having a ‘curious expression in our faces.
Day after day, Lorry told us what happen to Charles everyday after class. My husband and I felt very happy because we known, what happened to Lorry easily.
Until that day, talking about Charles had been a part of life in our family though five years highest points in the writing class, had been the winner of 50 metre race in the sport meeting…At the moment, Lorry was the monitor in his class. 
That day, Lorry arrived at home exciting.
“Mom, Charles told me he met a beautiful girl and fell in love with her today.”
I was washing dishes in the kitchen. Hearing this, a dish in my hand fell down and broken.
“Such a wonderful thing!” I hurried to say.
And Lorry ran into his room as smiling and jumping.
What I always worrrid happened now. I phoned my husband to call him back as soon as possible.
As soon as he arrived, I dragged him into our bedroom quickly and explained what happened to Lorry. He analysted this situation and persuaded me not hurried to expose the son.
I kept silence for several weeks though I was worried about the son all the day everyday. But Lorry began to be crazy for his love. He didn’t go to school for having date with his girlfriend. And his teacher came over to our home. All that made me worry more and sleep badly.
What was worst was Lorry didn’t like to tell us what happened to Charles in the school. Charles appeared less and less in our life.
“I can’t stand! My dear!” I said to my husband.
Lorry got home at that time. “What happened to Charles today?” The same words come from my husband and me.
    “Nothing!” Lorry shut his bedroom after throwing one word.
Tears fell in my face. My husband hurried to turn down my mood. A few minites later, the door opened and Lorry came out.
“I was Charles, mom and dad!” He hugged us.   
