 “We have gifts for you, Chon,” the women said with kind smiling on their face.
“Yes!” Mary asked with high expretation on the two boxes, at the same time, a glimsp of afraid entered into her mind, because of her lie. However, she wanted to try to change her own hard living environment by getting a great amount of money from Chon’s gift.
At last, the women gave her two boxes, then they disappeared. Mary heard the low humming sound faded away, and she took a deep breathe, like a mouse success to excape a cat after stealing something delicious.
Mary looked around to ensure there was nobody there, then she opened one of the boxes, holding her breathe, “A book?” she shouted out. Yes, it’s a book, named: “Knowledge.” At this moment mary though: “The gold must be joking with me!” she sighed, felt disappointed, and tried to cheer herself up to open the second one. Suddenly, her eyes brighted, face muscles, thrilled, a box of precious jewelry was standing in front of her. Mary can’t bearing her happiness, she laughed with bright hand cover her mouth, and left hand touched the lonely, precious things, which nearly everybody desired for in their life.
Quickly, she clamed down and closed the boxes and brought them home. On the way home, the wonderful image of beautiful dresses, big houses, delicious dishes, which she had never owned, occur to her mind. She found everything on the road is that wonderful, even the barking dog was a gifted musician.
She sat at home, embrancing the second box, smiling. When her children got home, she told her children to just take some funny toys with them and they were going to live in the modern city and go to nobel school. Obviously, the children felt very happy, because they can go out the village to try something unknown, funny. So they didn’t ask why. Therefore, they were going to leave the town, they met their neighbor Tom who was often helpful for them. Tom was so sprised to get the news, and of course he didn’t have any idea of the boxes and the gift. In that, Mary determined to keep the Chon’s gifts as a secret, being afraid of losing everything she had got. But, as a kind of friendship, Mary gave Tom everything rest in her house including the box, which the book was laying in. Then Mary left with her children without regret.
Without doubt that Mary met a new circle of friends, mad an upper class living in a new city. Everyday, she knew how to make most of time entertainment, shopping, watching dramas which she can’t never understand and so on. As a mother, she gave the best to her kids, however, she didn’t have a right definition of what is the best. The suddent fortune give her the wrong direction of the best. She and her children were lost in the luxury life, maybe in their eyes, the more luxury the better!
How time flied, they enjoyed their life there for nearly five years. But life is like a film. When you are blessing, some boom is coming to you actually. If you are not prepare for it, at last you may get nothing, or fall into a original life. At this time, you must want to ask what happened to them. Simply, Mary’s son, John, met with bad friends during his luxury life, they were robbed of everything they had got from the Chon’s gifts. At the last moment, they were rich, but this moment, they were totally as poor as a church mouse. How irony! Mary could beared such suddently change, she cried, shouted at the god. But the dream was a bit long,
When they got back to the town, everything changed. Tom became a famouse rich farmer, Tom thanked for Mary, because it’s the book named “knowledge” make him to success. Maybe, Tom should gave the book back to Mary and her children, let them know “knowledge is power, and it is the real fortune for mankind!”   
