Hello, I want to meet with Charles’ mother, because my son often told us something about him, and I’m so curious about him.”
I mentioned my requirement directly.
“Are you Lorry’s mother?” Miss asked.
“Yes, just I am.” I asked with a smile.
“Who’s Charles? Nobody called Charles in my class.” Miss said. 
“No Charles? But my son, Lorry told everything about him who was his classmate, when he got home everyday for a whole month, my family know him as a family member.” I said with a very surprising tone.
“That’s quite odd. What’s the story of Charles?” Miss asked.
“Charles, who was a student in your class, is a bad student, he ever behaved every bad, shouted loudly in class, hit his teacher, thrown chalks. However, in the last two weeks, he didn’t make any mistakes, that’s the main reason I want to meet his mother, and quest for what make Charles be a good boy suddenly. And unfortunately, he came back to do something bad to his teacher, so he was punished again undoubtedly…” It’s so easy for me to tell the teacher a series become an interesting topic for us to talk about during our dinner and super.
I nearly could stop myself listing everything about Charles, until I found that there was a understand-look on the teacher’s face, with something compecated expression. So I stopped, then the teacher said slowly that: “ Actually, in my class, there is indeed a “Charles”
“Oh?!” I felt very surprised because the teacher could forget such a naughty body at first, and then I said: “And I want to meet his mother, it that all right.”
“Yes, but I hope the ‘Charles’ didn’t have two mothers” She said.
“What do you mean by two mother?” I asked.
“I felt very sorry to tell you that your son Lorry is just the Charles in my class. In fact, I’m long for talking with you. ‘Charles’ or ‘Lorry’s mother’ for a long time.” She said with her hands hold my hands.
“No, no, no… You mean ‘Charles’ is ‘Lorry’. It’s ridiculous. You’re joking, right?” said trembly.
“I’m sorry” said. The ask let me get the truth that I’m the “Charles” mother, I just want to talk with myself. I tried to clam myself down and asked to leave. The teacher agreed and told me that I should be leave for a time to clean my thought.
You can image that how confused I was on my way home. My Lorry told us his story with the name of Charles? Maybe he was scare that we would pulished him , or maybe…, How can I accept Charles to be my son, instead of Lorry? The two questions occured in my mind, and filled with my brain quickly. When I though of the naughty “Charles”, I felt every angry, when I though of my son “Lorry”, I felt very sad and did know how to be a good mother.
After I got home, I locked myself in the bedroom until my husband asked me again and again. Finally, I told him who was “Charles”, at first, he felt very shock, he walked fores and wards, and babbled.
After a long time for being shock, angry, sad and some like, we were back to reality and tried to solve the problem wisly.
At last, we decided to go on pretenting we didn’t find the truth.
It’s dinner time again, I hold my emotion and asked: “what happened on Charles? Today.”
“Very bad, he say something bad to others again, and we was published…” he said exciting.
“Oh, Charles shouldn’t do that, it’s unsuitable for a boy to do so, if Charles can be a helper to his teacher, his mother must feel very proud of him.” I said.
“Yes, Lorry, you should learn something good from Charles, he even was a very helpful assistant to your teacher. And a good boy should not say such things.” My husband added.
Lorry felt very confused, maybe because the changes of his parents, usually, his parents paid little attention to Charles good behavior, and I and my husband just were interested in Charles’ mistakes. The other day, Lorry came back and told us: “Charles helped his teacher again.” “Really, that’s great!” I said, “you should.      
