The two boxes this time were much bigger.
“My name is Chon, I’m Chon!” Mary said again, louder.
The two women burst into laughter, then slowly open the two boxes. To Mary’s surprise, there was not gold or diamonds but were two children of her own in the boxes. Her son was in one box and her daughter in another. As soon as the two children saw Mary, they cried, “Help! Help me, mum. I’m scared!” Mary turned paralyzed in a second!
Oh, God! What’s going on?” Mary cried out!
“You said you were Chon!” one of the two women dressed in shiny silver suits said.
“Yes! Give me back my children!”
“You said you were chon for gold and diamonds!” said the other women.
“If you are Chon, then those diamonds and gold would be yours,” the women waved her hand and a pile of gold and diamonds appeared in front of Mary.
The bright light of the gold and diamonds flashed into Mary’s eyes. Then, Mary got lost.
Within a few seconds, both the two women was gone, so it was with the children, Mary was left with the amount of gold and diamonds.
Mary didn’t know what to do next. She sat down on the ground. Everything went beyond her imagine: Nearly half a day passed. Mary determined to do sth instead of only sitting.
First of all, she had to deal with the gold and diamonds. She came up with an idea that she’d better bury the gold and diamonds into the ground. So she started to dig a hold in the ground. While she was working, she thought that, “With these gold and diamonds, I will not have to go to work any more. I can buy a car for my self. I will never wait for a bus. I can buy a new house, new clothes… I became a rich woman…” The more she thought, the happier she felt.
And she put her thought into practice. She brought a big house in the centre of a modern city and a high price car. She employed driver, cook, maids. She went to movies, luxury and shops. She was living an easy life. Yes, much easier than before.
But, she had no friends in such a modern city. And at night she fell into loneliness constantly. What’s worse, she couldn’t fall asleep. She felt terrible. But, she didn’t know why.
One day, she walked by a park, where full of laughter. There were children playing in the park, with their parents. Watching them, a feeling of happiness arised in Mary’s heart. But not more than a second that Mary remembered her two children two lovely little kids. Tears went down. Not until this moment did Mary notice that what happiness really depend on. And she wanted her children back. Mary didn’t know how happy she was before and she regretted what she had done these days.
But how could she get back her children?
Again, Mary heard the low hum. She looked up and saw a lizard ship. It as red one—as red as the heart.
Mary watched and waited nervously. It landed. Again two women dressed in silver came down the ramp, holding a box each. 
“I want my children back”, Mary couldn’t help crying to them.
“Would you like to have a second thought?” Children or gold and diamonds?” said the two women together.
“My children!” Mary answer immediately.
Again, a loud laughter was heard!...
“Ring…”, it was the clock. Mary woke up. There was a terrible dream last night. But, today, Mary felt very happy. She treasured what she already had now.  
