 “Hello! Miss! I’d like to know whether Charles’s mother has come here?” I asked the teacher as soon as I met her.
“Oh, Charles is an orphan!” the teacher replied.
I was shocked by the answer and didn’t know what to say. When I wanted to continued the conversation, the teacher was talking with other people. I didn’t want to disturb them. So I went home, together with Lorry.
I didn’t say anything about Charles to Lorry, even to my husband. I wanted to help Charles.
Day to day, I got information of Charles from Lorry. Everyday after school, Lorry would talk about what happened in the school. Often, Lorry would mentioned Charles.
“Do you know what had Charles done today?” Lorry said, feeling a little bit exiting.
“What?” I was eager to know.
“He hit the girls sitting next to him,” Lorry continued, “and the teacher asked him to apologize to the girl but Charles didn’t follow the teacher.”
“So Charles again had to stayed at school till dark?” I asked.
“Right!”
What a poor boy! But why he always did such things? I fell sypathy along with confused.
I remembered that Charles had performed well at school for a few weeks. But why he hadn’t continued his good performance? 
The more I know about Charles, the more curious about Charles I was. I couldn’t wait any longer. I decided to “know” about Charles.
The next day morning, I followed Lorry to the school.
I was very careful so that Lorry would not notice me. I stood beside the backdoor of Lorry’s classroom. I watched every movement in the classroom. Nothing special happened during half a day! I felt a little disappointed. Still, I didn’t know who was Charles. What was Charles looked like. I was to asked the teacher, but after my second thought, I found that I’d better find the answers to my questions by myself. Because I don’t want to disturb the life of those lovely children. All in all, I was just a stranger to them.
When I got home, I was surprised by what he told me.
“Charles, again, was punished by the teacher, because he talked so loud, in the class that the teacher could not continued her teaching.”
“Oh!”
I fell into deep thought. Why Lorry lied to me?
To find the answer, The next day, I came to the school of Lorry secretly again. This time, I noticed that there was a little child sat next to Lorry and that little child wasn’t there yesterday. The little child cried out all of a sudden. I was not nimble enough to notice what happened to the little child. Then the teacher came into the classroom and started her lecture. And the little child stopped crying already.
I went home with an even bigger puzzle. And when Lorry came home this time. He told me what happened in the school today with an even more exciting voice.
“Do you know what had happened today? Charles threw a worm to a girl and the girl couldn’t help crying out.”
But I remembered that little child was a boy!
“What a naughty boy Charles is” said Lorry’s father.  
   
