Then the woman looked at each other, thoughtful, with mysterious smile. They turned to Mary: “How can you prove you are Chon, right the one we are looking for?” Mary hesitated. For that several few minutes, all were silent. Mary clearly heard her word running inside her body. When she was about to speak one of the women interrupted her: “Well, I’ll give you some indication. What’s characteristic of Chon?” Mary thought hard. Finally, she seemed able to produced one word or two. Of course, Chon is worth lots of praise and reputation…” She couldn’t continued, with the women looking straight into her eyes. “Why is she worth praise and reputation?” One of the women asked. “Er…” Mary began to feel nervous as if she were found practicing theft. The woman said: “Then we’ll give you a chance. If you can find the real Chon, the gold and diamonds would be both yours.” Before Mary could say something, the two boxes already fell in her hands. But if you can not find Chon, the gold and diamonds will disappear gradually.” The women added. Looking at the gold and diamonds giving bring in the boxes, Mary thought of her poor sitation: a single mother with two kinds to raise, a low-paid job that exhausted her almost the whole money. “The situation can be changed if these gold and diamonds truly belong to me.” When she came back from deep thought and raise her eyes, the women in front of her had disappeared, with their warning resonating in Mary’s mind.
Not going to work that morning, Mary tried hard to the secret hidden behind the two women’s indication. Still, she was conscious enough to put the gold and diamonds in a safe place before she began to be engaged in this difficult task.
There was a knock at the door. It was the teacher from her children’s school.” Tom, one of your children was knocked down by a car and was sent to the hospital now.” “It can’t be true.” Mary screamed and then rushed to the hospital. There in the white bed laid her beloved child, tom, with his clothes dyed red by his blood. Doctors and nurses walked out and in the room trying to save the poor life. “Some of his organs are badly hurt and he needs an operation right now. A doctor told Mary. Mary nodded with tears running down her face. Then she though of a friend who had an operation with high cost, but however expensive, she would give up her beloved child. Then suddenly, she felt there was great hope with the gold the diamonds in her house. By a miracle, her child was saved after a very successful operation. Mary was overwhelmingly happy. The other day, she took some of the diamonds to exchange for money and paid for the operation fees. Holding the money in her hands, Mary can hardly believe it was true. “The women told me that he had to find the real Chon before I truly possess the property.” She thought. “Any way, God helps me and now I can use what the women gave me to save my child’s life encouraged herself and felt easy using the diamonds.
Tom got well soon and Mary came back to her normal life as a worker and a single mother while she didn’t cease thinking about the secret of the gold and diamond.
New Year came. Mary wanted to decorate her house and buy new clothes for her children and herself. Once again, she took the diamond to exchange for money. This time, she was careful, because she was afraid that they would disappear. Luckily, they didn’t. On the morning of the next day, Mary opened the door and found a poor man lying in front of her house with little clothes on. She had a sudden impulse to go to have a see, but she held back. “How can I, a poor woman, help a homeless man?” She thought, and she went inside the house quickly.
Having the New Year dinner with her children, Mary looked around her small house and thought they should have a bigger and more comfortable house for the children’s life. She made the decision. After the children went to bed, she entered her room to take the gold. She found that the amount of gold and diamonds diminished. But regardless of this, she took the gold to exchange for money as she did before. The way back home, she met a begger on the street asking for money. “Poor guy, but you shouldn’t ask me who is as poor as your.” Then she left. When she returned home, she wanted to make sure whether the amount of gold diminished or not. To her surprise, she found that this time there were even less gold and diamonds still in her room. She began to feel scared.    
