I greeted the teacher and then asked interestedly and somehow in sympathy: “Mr. White, could you please tell me who is Charles’ mother?” Then I described the dramatically changeable Charles to the teacher, expecting his bad words as well as good remarks on this boy. “Charles?” He asked me in a doubtful tone, “I’m sorry we haven’t got a boy named Charles in our class.” I was totally confused. I told him it was my child who had told me about what Charles did in school. When he got to knew I’m Lorry’s mother, he looked at me and said, “I’m sorry but I think I need to talk with you about Lorry.” “Lorry?” I wonder and I suddenly felt that our focus had been Lorry but paid little attention to what my child did in school, so I immediately felt obliged to have a conversation with the teacher.
When following the teacher to the office, I kept thinking whether my son behaved himself or not. We both were seated, “I’m sorry to tell you that what Lorry told you is what he’d did in school. Do you understand me?” said the teacher. I was at first puzzled then got the meaning which I hardly could but had to believe: the ‘Charles’ is none other than Lorry himself who informed us of such a changeable boy. “Yes?” I could not give quick and useful reactions. A few munites later, I managed to get my mind sorted out and initiated the conversation. “Did Lorry behave in such a way?” I still wanted to assured further and expected a “No” answer. But the teacher told me he did. Then I felt I must face the problem seriously. The teacher gave me some advice and I left the office.
I thought of Lorry describing all kinds of things “the Charles” did, fearlessly, coldly and proudly. I felt a little hurt. As a mother, I had mistakenly deem my responsibility for my child to have ended when he entered school, and I even doubted what I had conducted as a role of mother before my child went to school.
When I came back home, Lorry and his father were both in. I didn’t intend to tell the truth or teach Lorry a lesson in face of his father. Instead, I wanted to reverse the situation by my own efforts. “Oh, it’s a pity that I didn’t see Charles’ mother at the meeting.” I spoken in a Loud voice on purpose.” And I even didn’t talk to the teacher since there were so many parents surrounding him. I’m so tired.” I added.
Then I began to consider how to lead Lorry, this “Charles” to the proper way of behavior. The next day, Lorry came home from school and as usual, told us what had Charles done in school. This time, poor Charles behaved worse: he made chalk marks on his classmates’ desk and refused to apologize for it. “I don’t like Charles, this naughty boy.” I remarked, looking at Lorry’s eyes. “But there must be something wrong that made him to behave so.” I added, trying to exlicit Lorry’s opinions and “feelings”. But he didn’t say anything about it and continued to watch his favourate TV shows. I felt a little disappointed. 
Then I sat beside Lorry and asked him, “Well, Lorry, what do you think a well-behaved boy should do?” Help mother clean the floor, do the homework on time”. He said, smiling. “Well, I have a task for you, Lorry. Make friends with Charles and try to lead him to behave himself. We must help this poor boy, otherwise, he’ll expelled from school. Ok? And if you succeed, I have a gift for both you and Charles.” Lorry nodded his head. “So that’s a deal.” I said excitedly, my hand touching his head gently as a sign of encouragement.
The next day , Lorry came back and reported to me his task excitedly, “Mum, Charles would not be a good boy because he thinks that there are so many good students in the class that he will be easy to be ignored by the teachers and classmates.”    
