 “Welcome, Chon. Please follow us.” Mary heard. Then the two women turned around and led Mary up to the lizard in a very polite way, as if she were someone very important. 
    Just after few seconds of darkeness, Mary found herself in a big lab, where she was surrounded by scores of people in white coat dressed up as scientists, or more precisely, doctors. Mary cannot help shivering terribly at first, sat bearing the two boxes of gold and diamonds as well as the politeness shown by the two women in mind, she calmed herself a little bit by asserting herself Chon was at least an important and powerful figure.
    “Take off your clothes, Chon. Don’t you remember that human clothes are harmful to our lizard’s environment?”
“What?” Mary was so surprised. In the lab, there’re nearly 50 people, 2/3 of who were male. “What an embarrassment. To be naked before them?” Mary thought, but within a second, she changed her mind.
“What?” Mary paused, “what makes you think I’ve forgotten to change clothes in this lizard! What a pity!” Then Mary immediately yet calmly took off all her clothes, as if she felt no shame. 
    Then Mary was naked. All the people were staring at her yet no one showed the intent to handle her new clothes. Mary appeared to be indifferent but in her mind, embarrassment as to hared flared up bitterly. “They will finally pay back to me! They will pay the price! With the money or power they would have played me, I will play around the waitresses in my restaurant 10 times they way they have played me around! I will hire a babysitter to look after my two kids and make my kids have the same life as the ariscratic children! I myself will travel around the world, and live in the most expensive hotel of each country with by boyfriend. Of course, I can change my boyfriend at any time because I have enough money and power to find better ones! 
Finally, after nearly 10 minutes, the tallest man said, “Ok, Chon. You must be tired, now you can go to your room to rest.” Then asked a woman to show Mary’s way.
“Follow me, please,” the woman said.
Mary, still naked, followed the woman. They nearly walked around the lab, and then went out the lab. Much to Mary’s astonishment, outside the fist lab, there’s a bigger lab in which had 200 people in white coat talking, sitting, walking. As Mary stepped in, they all stared on her body. This time, mysteriously Mary felt much less embarrassed. At last, through a long corridor, the woman stopped at the last room of the corridor and opened the door of it.
Mary walked in, it was a cold, humid small room with a disgusting smell. There’re only one bed and one bath room in it. Mary, the first time, felt disappointed in her adventure. 
“Please wait here till you are called,” then the woman left.
Mary lied on the bed, recalling everything happened today, felling more and more confused and fell asleep.
The next morning and morning after, Mary was asked to do some simple texts in the lab but still having on clothes on, naked.
Gradually, Mary was used to live nakedly and felt there’s no inconvenience or shame in living nakedly.
A week later, Mary woke up and desperately found herself in her own bed at her home, naked. Her to w kid were sleeping besides her, as if nothing has happened. 
At the same time, the tallest man who previously told Mary to take off all her clothes was making a presentation in the lab.
“There’s never a Chon. What we had been looking for is a human like Mary. She was greed, and she was willing to sacrify the most basic character of human—be ashamed of one’s body, for the exchange of the potential money, or power of both she was never sure. Even didn’t be garanteed, she was willing to take the chance. Within her, we can see weakenesses of human beings: greedy, saying lies, laziness…  
