 “Good evening, teacher! I’m Lorry’s mother. According to what Lorry has told me, I think you should have mentioned Charles on the parents’ meeting. At least, you should have warned the parents that there’s a very naughty boy in their children’s class as far as peer influence is concerned, so that they can pay more attention to their kids’ behavior,” I said.
To my surprise, the teacher lifted up her eyebrows in a bit confusion, broadened her eyes and said, “Madame, I do not quite understand what you meaned. You’ve mentioned Charles, but who is Charles? There is no Charles in Lorry’s class.”
I was fully taken back, “That Charles, who spoke foul words in class last week, never exists?”
“I’m afraid yes, madame. And more importantly, I’d like to talk about Lorry,” calmly and sincerely the teacher said.
“Is Lorry active and outgoing at home?” asked the teacher.
“Yes, absolutely, he is active and outgoing. He smiles a lot. He has many friends in the kindergarten. Everyone loves Lorry. Since last summer vocation we moved to this neighborhood, Lorry has been keeping tight touch with is friends on phone.” I said.
“Emm, so you are new comes to this neighborhood?”
“Yes, because Lorry’s father was transferred to the contiguous region,” I added.
“So, I get it. Madame, I think Lorry has slowly but ultimately achieved the transition of scene. That’s why he, in the first two weeks, performed passively in class, and seldom talked to other kids, and indulged himself in his paintings…”
“Did he?” I was so surprised.
“But please don’t worry. It’s quite normal for kids to behave a bit abnormal at the beginning of a new term, especially at the beginning of his primary school. Since this is the 5th week, most kids have got used to school life, including Lorry. Begun in week 3, he has been gradually interacted with other kids and performed actively in class…”
Two hours later, I conducted a serious talk with Lorry’s father.
“So you mean, Charles is totally a Lorry’s illusion?” Lorry’s father said.
“Yes, I think so. I guess by talking about Charles in the first two weeks Larry wanted to change school for him and moved back to the former community,” I said.
“And since the 3rd week, he had found the new school was also interesting! He had been getting used to his new life. So Charles was not naughty any more. Because at that point, Lorry didn’t want us to change school for him”.

