Peace was back in the countryside. Everything round Mary was again completely quiet. Mary was walking, lost, thinking of what she had seen just one minute ago. The two woman in shiny silver suits, the lizard ship, the hissing sound, as well as the two boxes were in her mind. She told a lie, and then was given two boxes with expensive gifts, she thought that they were gold and diamonds. She had no courage to prove her idea because she knew that hey were not for her, but Chon. “Who is Chon? What’s the relationship between he and me? Why the lizard ship came tome?” Mary asked herself knowing that no one would answer.
Mary kept walking, no destination, no direction, and no reason. Nothing she could do except walking, she wanted to go home, but the children were all at school. She wanted to talk with someone, someone who would believe her story and tell her what to do. She wanted to go back to the bus stop and go to work. With the two boxes in her hand, she could do nothing. To her, an always honesty woman, they were no longer boxes, but bombs than would bombard anywhen, anywhere. She had no idea houw should she deal with them. Should she sell them in hop of getting more. No, she wouldn’t. She did need money to support the family, but she wouldn’t do that. She was a honesty woman in spite of the fact that she lay to have Chon’s gifts. Should she give the boxes to Chon? It seemed to her this was the best way. Who was Chon? Where could she find Chon? No one knows, no one could help her. She was totally puzzled and she stopped. Looking at the sun, she felt a little dizzy. She was hungry and thirsty after walking for long. It was near noon.
She seated herself on the ground, looking up to the sky, hoping that the familiar sound of low humming could once again be heard so that she could give the bombs back. At the moment, she was sitting there! Waiting for Chon.
A helpless woman, with a heavy burden in mind, was paying for her dishonesty words.
“What can I do for you, Ma’am?”
“A burger please.”
“….”
Mary came to a burger shop to buy something to feed herself. She didn’t go to work, had not done any housework, either, but she was very tired, much much more than working whole day long! The two boxes were still in her hand. She stood the head of the queue, waiting for her food.
“ Excuse me, do you know Chon?” Mary asked the man behind her subconsciously.
“I’m sorry?” the man was puzzled.
“Do you know a man named Chon, or have you ever heard of such a person?” Mary repeated.
“I’m sorry madam, I’m new in this town, you’d better ask someone else for help,” the man answered.
Mary asked everyone in the queue within the time waiting for food. What she got were all sorry responses. She was down and helpless.
She started looking for Chon. She decided to return the gold and diamonds to him. She went to the police for help, getting nothing helpful. She went to the newspaper for help, getting the same results. No one in the town had ever heard of Chon. All her afternoon had been devoted in searching for Chon. It was high time she picked her children up. Her two sons, Charles and Ron, were all what had now. She loved them more than anything in the world! After meal, children began doing their homework. Mary liked checking her son’s paper. Charles and Ron, always give two papers of articles, to their mother. That night, Mary also saw two papers lying on the desk, one was on another. She sit and began reading. Suddenly, she noticed the two names. Charles, and Ron. She selected “ch” from “Charles” and then “on” from “Ron”, it was “Chon”! How could it be! She couldn’t believe her eyes. Are they really “Chon?”
At this time, outside her house, a fourth lizard ship landed. A man, instead of women of last three times, stepped into her room.
“Yes, they’re the owner of your gifts,” the man said softly……


