 “Excuse me, Ms White, would you please tell me who Charles is? You know, my son, Lorry seems to be quite familiar with him and hopes they can become friends,” I asked the teacher.
“Charles? There is no one in your son’s class called Charles. Are you sure you are not mistaken? The teacher replied.
I was puzzled by the teacher’s response. I didn’t know whether I should keep asking or just let it go. After some one minute’s embarrassing standing, I said goodbye to Ms. White and went back the the meeting.
during the whole meeting time, I was reading faces around me, with an intent to recognizing Charle’s mother among over 30 persons. According to Lorry, Charles was a big boy who seldom wore jackets and have no water-resisted shoes to wear in rainy days. Judging from these points, I classified Charles into those who come from poor families. So, I paid attention on the ladies and gentlemen’s clothing which indicate partially their social position and income levels. Suddenly, a silent short woman seating herself in a corner of the room caught my eyes. Looking tired and hopeless, wearing old sweaters, she must have a hard life. She could be Charle’s mother! At the moment, another woman, who is tall and thin, came into the room and seated herself next to the one wearing old sweater. Before long, They started to chat. Their voice got louder and louder as a matter of fact, bored those nearby. I seemed that the tall thin woman notice no one in the room but her chatting partner.
“Is this woman Charle’s mother?” I asked myself, “what she did are exactly same as Charle’s.” She could be Charle’s mother. 
I am confused…
As I was guessing and judging, the meeting reached its end. After arriving home, I told my husband what happened. We’re both confused, Had Lorry lied to us? Is there really a naughty but sometimes good-mannered boy named Charles? Did Charle’s mother or father attend the parents’ meeting tonight. Question marks are filled in our two heads. Maybe, only our son, Lorry can tell the truth.
Two days had gone before we knew it. One day, during suppers my husband restarted a conversation about “Charles.”
“Lorry, would you invite Charles to our house for a dinner?” My husband said.
Lorry was astonished totally hearing those words. “Dad, are you kidding?” 
“No, I kid you not!” My husband continued. “Mom and I both want to meet this mysterious boy, Charles.”
“Yes, we do.” I added.
Lorry’s face got red. It was obvious that he wanted to escape from the table. Something must have been hidden in his mind. According to his behavior, we knew that he, for some reasons and others, lied.
The second day, I got a letter in the pocket of my coat. Written by Lorry, the letter told us the truth and expressed his regret for lying.
Charles is nobody else but Lorry himself, a sometimes naughty, sometimes well-behaviored boy. In fact, everyone is Charles. 
