Hearing this, the women flashed an eye at each other. “There you are”, the woman broke the silence, “We have been looking for you with painstaking efforts, our honorable guest, please allow me to give you the warmest welcome and invite you to our wonderland.” The woman talked without an intention to offer Mary the box. Mary was baffled at her words, however, the last two experiences which gather her enough courage and unbearable desire to get the treasure in the box consolidated her determination to follow them to the so-called “wonderland”.
After going through the ramp, Mary set boot onto the inside of the ship following the two women. She was let into a strangly decoration room. These another woman was waiting for her. “Nice to meet you!” the woman talked with an odd smile, “Please do be seated.” After settling herself on the chair Mary was offer an document, to be more precise, a piece of contract which made her feel at sea. “I know you are a talented girl that inherited most of M Knightley’s genius. But you know, the future career you’re going to take, to a great extent, harms our interest. You can totally figure out what I mean, if you technique was applied to practice, you actually passed a death sentence to all creatures on Venus.” Mary was so confused about everything the woman talked except for Mar. Knightley, the most elegant gentleman she had ever met, whom she had a oush secretly. Continued the speech by the woman, “but if you were undaunted on your research, I’m sorry to tell that that today the doom is yours.” On hearing this, Mary couldn’t stand to speak out, “I’m not Chon!” With extreme surprise, the woman flied into a rage, “you’re not Chon. So who are you? What for you pretended to be Chon? Your intention?” Mary was beside herself and told her the truth. After hearing that, the woman was a little bit calm. “Don’t be afraid. Just stay here.” Then she went out of the room.
A hour passed, Mary gradually restored her consciousness fro the fear and she intended to run away. When slipping through the aisle, she overheard the voice from another room. She listened at the door. “She isn’t Chon, but she knows Mr. Knightley. If we find Mr. Knightley, can’t we find her sweety daughter—Chon?” Mary was shocked, “Chon was Mr. Knightley’s daughter? But, he hasn’t married yet!” She thought. Then she heard another voice, “I knew it, we’re totally mixed up. As we rided on the time machine here. It’s thirty years before. Chon hasn’t been born yet, because Mr. Knightley hasn’t married now. Chon will be a scientist on development of the resources of Venus, but it happened thirty year after.” “What about killing Mr. Knightley directly, then Chon won’t exist.” “Good idea!” On hearing the word “killing”, Mary felt that it was a bolt from the blue. “I must get out of here and rescue Mr. Knightley,” she thought. She run like lightning through the ramp. Now she was free, but she felt no sense of relief, because she still had a huge task to go—to save Mr. Knightley. She glared at the gloomy sky, a heavy stone is inside her heart……
