We began our conversation with Lorry’s performance in school recently. I was very happy to hear that Lorry had alone a good work in his study and had gone on with his classmates.
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Smith,” the teacher concluded, “I’m confident on Lorry.”
“Thanks very much for your kind receiption and information.” I was about to leave when Charles occurred to me. “Well, there’s another thing. I am wondering whether I would counsel you.”
“Please, Mrs. Smith. Be my guest.”
    “It’s not about Lorry. It’s about Charles.”
“Charles?”, a strange and equivocal sight slipped over her eyes. She took on an I-don’t care tone, then, comes the critical and lengthy speech on—Charles.
“He is the most weird student I have ever seen in my whole life. He is anxious and aggressive and always the No.1 trouble maker. Nobody likes him, so he is always alone, no, sometimes, I think he’s the some sort of mysterious and sneaky. You know, I’m indeed in the soup to deal with such difficult student…”
“May I enter here. But if I’m not mistaken, he’s doing well in a certain period of time, being a good assistant of you. Isn’t that true?”
“Exactly, it’s the point that I conceived the most inexplicable. In that spell of time. He presented his up-ward spirit and made us believe that he is willing to be useful. The turning point is in the day when I announced the parent-and-teacher meeting and asked all the students to invite their parents by letting them signed on the invitation and taking part in today’s meeting. However, all students done it well, except for the invitation, even just to get their signature. You could be the judge, isn’t he a weird child? Besides…”
After my ears and minds going through that torture of the teacher’s speech, I said goodbye to her and went on my way home. I had a strange sense about the poor Charles, “it must be something behind the scenes, which he can’t speak out.”
During the following week, my mind was haunted by the image of the boy. “How is he doing? Is he turned back to so-called good student.” So many times had I tried to convince myself to forget him, but every effort I made seemed to be futile. I just can’t tear myself away from it.
Another week passed. One day, I went to picked up Lorry. While waiting at the door of the school, I stumbled acrossed a scene. A little boy in thirty wearings sneakily slipped into a bakery and tried to put a piece of bread into his pocket. At this very moment, the shop owner noticed it and shouted angrily, He grabbed a broom and was about to give the little boy a lesson. I rushed up to the shop, stopped the owner and paid for the bread. I handed it over to the boy. He seemed so hungry that he couldn’t wait to swallow it. I moved, my tears sneakily shed down.
Walking out of the shop, the boy thanked me with a wide smile, “Are you here to pick up your child?” I nodded with a smile. “Nice to meet you, my name is Charles. May I ask you name? Otherwise, I don’t know who I will pay back to.” He laughed happily.
“What? You’re Charles?” I was shocked.
“So, did you know my name?”
“Well, maybe you’ll know my boy, Lorry.”    
