 “I have gifts for you,” the woman said. She opened the box she was holding. However, there is no shining light appearing, Mary was a little disappointed.
“What is it?” Mary asked.
“It’s money for you,” the woman answered.
Mary was so excited that she forgot to say “thank you”. When she finally calmed down, the woman and the lizard ship have already gone.
The unexpected fortune really amazed Mary. Now she had money. It’s not necessary for her to wait for the bus anymore, she didn’t need the job and they could live a better life, thinking about these, Mary can’t wait to tell everyone her surprising experience. When she reached home, no one is at home, nobody could share her story, then Mary run out, she wanted to tell everyone she met, however, nobody is willing to waste their time to listen to a complete crazy story. Mary is quite disappointed, the only hope left to her is that her children would come back soon and they were the best audience. The children came back under her expectation. She was excited and eager to tell her story. At firs beginning, the two children didn’t believe her at all, but when Mary took out the box which was full of money, they shocked and lost words in a few second, the fact was before them, what they need to do is believe and accept it.
Money is always a wonderful thing that can make dreams come true. With so much money, Mary made many plans. She bought a find house in the city centre with big rooms and beautiful scenery of course, car is necessary, besides these, Mary sent her children to the best local school and gave them a lot of pocket money. What about Mary herself? She went shopping quite often and bought fabulous coats and shoes, she just treated herself as a rich woman.
But as you know, the money is not endless, one day the money will run out. Mary also seemed to pay attention to this problem. The money is less and less, so Mary hope that the lizard ship can appear again to offer what she wants. Eventually, the money ran out, Mary was so desperate, however, something magic happened. The lizard ship came again and this time its colour was golden. A woman dressed in silver came down the ramp and walked towards Mary.
“I have gifts for Chon,” Mary heard. The woman opened the box. This time it was also full of money.
“I am Chon,” Mary said without any hesitation.
The woman gave her the box and disappeared with the lizard ship again. Mary became a rich again. Every day, she was around with beautiful clothes and expensive shoes, never worrying the money. She think the money will send to her hand if she want. This kind of life lasted for may years. Mary completely lost herself and was addicted to the pleasure which money brought for her. One day, the money ran out again, she waited in her house as usual expecting the lizard ship, but this time, the lizard ship didn’t appear, many days have gone, Mary had adapted to the comfortable life and she was much lazier and easily lost her temper. No company wanted to employ her because of her bad manners and old age. Mary was desperate and thought about dying. At that time, the lizard ship appeared again and a woman dressed in silver came down the ramp and walk towards Mary, but this time, there is no box in her hand.
“Are you Chon?” the woman asked.
“Yes, I am Chon,” Mary answered quickly, she thought money was coming again.
The woman said nothing and looked at Mary with her confound eyes.
“No, you are not Chon, you are Mary and you are always lying to me. We have given a lot of chances to you, but you never have a reflection, chances are missed and you betray your soul, the present situation is triggered by yourself, you get what you should get.” Mary heard, the words had appeared in Mary’s head, like thoughts.
Mary was completely shocked and started to cry, but what she has already lost can never come back.   
  
