The teacher is surrounded by many parents who want to know more concrete information of their children. I even don’t have the chance to get close to her, as a result, I have to wait. After almost one hour, those satisfied parents leave on and off, I eventually get the chance to talk to Lorry’s teacher. That conversation doesn’t cost much time, thirteen munites later, I step out of the classroom with a full basked questions in my head. I try to refresh my memories. It seems that my husband and I have always been cheated by our little son. It’s really ridiculous.
I go back home pretending that everything is going well. I don’t talk about Charles at all which makes my husband every confused. Lorry takes the initiative to ask something about the meeting, I just tell him that the teacher encourage him to do later. Obviously, I see his face relaxing all of a sudden. Kids are kids, they never hide their mood before you, pure and straight, however, my husband can’t wait to know the truce. When coming into the bedroom, I am bombed with his doubts and questions. “Did you see Charles’ mother?” “Why didn’t you mention him just now?” “What did teacher say about Lorry?” Compared with my calmness, his worry is really funny, firstly, I calm him down, and then I tell him he whole story. There is no Charles in Lorry’s class and of course I didn’t meet the alleged Charles’ mother. Through the teacher, I know that Lorry didn’t perform well in school. He is rude and teaches little girl to say something shit.
Everything becomes clear, the riddle is solved. Now the key question comes, how can we make Lorry change to a good student instead of still being Charles. My husband and I have a discussion and finally we get a tactic.
As usual, Lorry goes to school with his blue jeans. My husband I send him to the road and tell him to be a good boy in school. He leaves without saying a word. My husband and I begin to wait for his back. Will he obey the rules and really be a good boy in school? We expect the answer to be positive.
A long day passes slowly, Lorry comes back. His father asks him something at school. He answered impatiently. I know everything is the same as before, without any change, but I don’t lose my last hope, I mention Charles. I ask my son what Charles has been done today. Unexpectedly, my son seem to be very happy to say something about Charles. “Charles studies very hard in school and the teacher gives him an apple as a prize.” says Lorry with a big smile in his face. In fact, we know that he is saying something about himself, maybe he thinks that this way of talking can make himself less pressure. After listening to what our son said, my husband and I also praise Charles and say Lorry should make friends with Charles and learn from him. Lorry is very happy to hear what we said, apparently, he is encouraged by us.
The next morning, Lorry wears his uniform, as you know, he never wear it before. This time, he even say “goodbye” to me, which surprises me a lot, things seem to change completely.
The following week, my husband and I are getting closer to Lorry and he still brings us many great information about Charles. Our relationship is becoming better and better. Nobody tries to make the truce appear before all of us. Everything is going well.
Another school meeting is coming. As usual, I come to my son’s classroom and find his sit easily which is close to the platform. From this, I can see that he is really doing good in school. More and more parents are coming and they just have a hot conversation. Suddenly, one of the parents come to me and ask whether I am Lorry’s mother. I say yes. After getting my answer, they become very active to talk with me, they say that their son often mentions Lorry before them and tell many good things of Lorry to them. I am so surprised to hear what they say and forget to react. They ask me for some suggestions and my experiences to teach Lorry. At that time, I am so proud for my son.    
