 “There’re gifts for you,” the two women said, with their boxes out and opened. In the left box lies a suit—the gleaming silver bodysuit as what the women before Mary wore.
“Well, at any rate, it’s beautiful.” Mary thought and wore the silver bodysuit.
Mary looked into the next box and found a purple key in it.
“What’s this?” Mary thought and so she asked. One of the two women grabed the key and unlocked the ship with that purple key. Slowly, the ship became to shake. After the ship clamed down, Mary was shaked by the purple scales of the ship.
“It finally comes to an end!” Mary suddenly heard two voice. Yes, voice, heard by Mary’s ears, not just appeared in her head. She was surprised by the smiles appearing in the two women’s faces, when she turned her head to them—they had already taken off their silver bodysuits.
“What’s wrong?” Mary wanted to ask, but her lips couldn’t move! She was scared to cry: “What’s wrong with me?”
“These are our gifts for you, Chon.” One of the two women said with smile.
“Now, it’s your turn to go and look for Chon to give your gifts—what you believe is the most precious thing in the world. The other woman continued, “Find the person who you said he/she is Chon and made him/her accept your gift. Then you can be free, free to speak, work and away from this ship.”
“Good luck!” The first woman said, “Now I’ll go back to my home. After so many years, maybe may family members have been dead for long. But I will go back! Bye Bye!” She left with a smaller and smaller back.
“Our performances have gone to an end. But yours is just start.” Mary looked at the woman remained there, feeling amazing but she smiled with tears on her face.” What I want to do now is going back to work. Long time of no working have nearly made me crazy! Never see you again!” After the words, she left.
Mary stood there, silent and desperate. She couldn’t go back home, her children would be scared by her. She couldn’t go to work, either. No one would employ a strange woman in a silver bodysuit and couldn’t talk. She couldn’t do anything but looking for Chon!
Long long ago, there was a Silver Queen. She lived in a purple palace, in which you can find anything you want. The silver Queen would give you what like, if you agree to give her your freedom and live in the purple palace….” 
                                       ----Tales of Silver Queen
“Are you Chon?” A woman said.
“What?”
“A prediction book decorated with gold and diamonds.” The woman opened the book.
“I am Chon.”     
