 “Can you tell me who is Charles’ mother?” I asked the teacher Mrs. Smith.
“Did Charles do something bad to your child?” The teacher seemed tired of hearing that name.
“Well, not yet. But I am afraid he would.” I looked around and saw all the mothers, “Maybe most mothers want to know her.”
“Please show me Charles’s mother, he beat my son last week!” Mother A seemed angry.
“Charles drew a pig on my daughter’s skirt!” Mother B shouted.
“He fired my girl’s hair!” Mother C cried.
“My boy became scared and timid at home after sitting beside Charles!” Mother D.
“My daughter quarreled with her father after coming back from school!”
“Well, Mrs. Smith, I think you’d better introduce Charles’s mother to us.” I said to the frightened teacher.
“I wish I could, but in fact I have never seen her at all!” The teacher argued.
“How could it be!” Mothers didn’t believe the poor teacher at all and became more angry.
“Then I can talk to Charles for a while?” I calmed myself down and asked the teacher. She knoded her head and went into the classroom. Soon, she came out with a big boy following her.
“Madam, this is Charles. Charles, this is Lorry’s mother, Mrs. Green.” The teacher introduced.
Charles kept silent and stared at me precautiously. I looked at him carefully. He was taller and stronger than Lorry, with a dirty face and disordered hair, he seemed just from a garbage heap. An old T-shirt, broken and unfit shoes told me that he had a incompetent mother.
“How poor this little boy is!” I thought and smiled to him: “Nice to see you. I’m Lorry’s mother.”
Silent again.
“Well, I just want to invite your mother and you for dinner at my home. Would your mother and you like to come?” I asked.
The boy became confused and he finally said: “Mom has no time, she will not be at home today.”
I felt disappointed and asked: “Then what do you eat?”
“There is some bread left.” The poor boy said: “But it’s not enough. If today I stay quiet at school, Mrs. Smith will give me an apple.”
“Why not come to my house and have dinner with us?” I felt sympathy with the poor boy and invited him.
The little boy frustrated for a moment, finally he agreed.
Then came the dinner. Lorry was unpleasant to have dinner with a “bad boy”, he didn’t say a word at table. My husband gave the little boy a warm welcome after hearing what I know. He asked the boy many things after Charles was full.
“Why can’t I beat them? Dad just beat me like that.”
“Mum found me last week and took me away from Dad. But I am always hungry because Mum is often away all day and all night.”
“The men mum takes home teach me what I said at school. They say women all like it”
….
Lorry came downstairs and shouted to me: “Dinner is over. Let him go! Mum, where is the socks I will wear tomorrow? I can’t find them.”
“Wait a minute!” I answered and leave the talking people.
When I opened Lorry’s door, a shirt was flying to me! Oh, my god! What are you doing?” I was scared of the confusion of this room. How can Lorry make a room so disordered. 

