 “My name is Chon,” Mary answered.
Really? Very glad to see you. We have been searching for you in this city for such a long time, you know. So, you are the one we are looking for!” said one silver-dressed woman very excitedly. Then another woman said, “We are from the moon and our Queen appointed us two to send these gifts for you, Chon.” Then she opened the two boxes they were carrying, in which lie the shinning gold and diamond. Mary stared those things, which she was longing for. “Yes, but why they given these things to Chon? Who is Chon? Should I accept that?” A series of questions occurred to her mind. But she just can’t speak these out for as soon as the questions of individual material rights arise, the humanity greediest instincts are aroused. Diamonds, gold was what she desperately need right now. So Mary pretended to be calm and said, “Yes, thank you. But why you give these to me?” The other silver-dressed woman said excitedly, “The answer is in the box. There is a note written by our Queen. You can just read it. Nice talking with you! Bye— .” Then Mary held this box and in a few seconds, the lizard ship was gone without trace.
With a full mind of doubts, Mary went back home. She put the box on the table gently. “Maybe all the answers are on the note! But I’m just not Chon, if I have a look at her private letter, does it mean I infringe on her private right? That’s illegal.” On talking this, Mary stopped opening the box. She walked around in the living room, considering what she should do for the next step. Wondering why all this happened to her, she felt a little bit excitement inside her heart as she thought she at least was a lucky dog, who can even talk with the spirit outside the reality on the moon.
As tone goes by, she finally made up her mind to open the box because she was so serious about what on earth happened. She went close to the box, opened it and took out the paper-note. However, after finishing reading it, she felt it was wrong for her to accept the gold and diamonds. As the note said, Chon was the Queen’s daughter. But several years ago, the Queen threw away Chon just because of there was a war on the moon. Now the Queen knew Chon somehow entered the world of humanity and finally became an orphan working in a terrible plant, suppressed by the owner everyday and just could earn little money. So the mother felt sorry for her daughter. As the Christmas approaching, she wanted to send her gifts to her daughter for her forgiveness. Beside the gold and diamonds lies a picture. On the picture, a pair of mother and daughter hug tightly. “These may be Chon and her mother—the Queen.” Mary thought. Besides, the mother also wished her daughter happy everyday.
I must find Chon and make her mother’s wish come true”, Mary said to herself. But she just couldn’t afford to miss work—not with two children to feed. Mary hid the box in her wardrobe and went to work. She thought maybe she could take the leisure time to find Chon and gave these things—the great love to her.
Years by years, Mary did her utmost to search for Chon, which really did taker her a lot of time and energy. She visited every plant she was familiar with or even the plant in some certain small towns every far away from her home. And this holy task of course incured very sharp doubts and criticism from her relatives and workmates. He boss in the restaurant event wanted to lay her off because sometimes Mary still were worried about the next plant while cooking.
However, it did paid off. And finally Mary found the poor girl, or no, now a woman (because so many years had passed by), in a dirty and noisy paper plant. What a poor woman! Maybe even worse than Mary herself. Chon had married and now had got 3 children, one son, two daughters. All her families were leading a difficult life. When she saw Mary, a stranger with a delicate box, she was quite surprised. Mary made an appointment with her at the park beside the plant. After Chon finished her work, two women met at the park. A cool breeze blew and the only left leaves fell down from the trees.
Mary hugged Chon warmly without a word. Chon felt so strange that she asked: “What’s wrong? Who are you?” “Please don’t ask so much. I have the most important things to do. Here, the present for you!” Mary passed her the box. “What? Why? I even don’t know you!” “But do you really know yourself? Please accept it and have a look, They are from your dear mother. She missed you so much.”
Chon became silent. Yes, for years she hadn’t considered about herself she was always busy with domestic chores and the boring work in the plant. She even didn’t know where she came from and her own father and mother. “Yes, it’s time to think about that. I just remember I was wandering in the street without clothes. Someone saved me.” “Please have a look at the note first!” Mary said hurriedly.
