 “Good afternoon, Miss Li. I want to know something about my son, Lorry. Does he perform well these days?” I asked the teacher.
“Frankly speaking, I am now very worrying about Lorry. He is always playing with some bad students, which leads to a decrease in his study. But I’m trying to help him out, and you know it’s now up to him to choose because that is his own business about making friends.”
“Do you mean Charles? We often hear him talking about Charles. And that’s why we really worry about Lorry’s formation of habbit. He is a smart boy, don’t you think so?” I asked.
“Yes, he is. But a man need someone to live with, as a friend, to tell those things that he cannot tell his parents. Charles is a good boy and he has no fault.” The teacher replied.
“But I heard that Charles always insults others, even the teachers. And we think his behaviors have a bad influence on my boy. If he still behave like this, it’s school’s duty to expel him” I insisted. 
I think it’s time for me to go back home and have a talk face to face with Lorry. You know, my husband and I never put child’s educational issue in second place. It’s high time that we had to change the current situation. We really don’t want to see or hear Lorry hook up with such a bad student at school any longer.
When I about to step into my home. From Lorry’s room there comes two boy’s voice. I stopped and listened. What makes me rather shocked finally after hearing the two boy’s talk was that they seem to plot something good, though going beyong my expectation. Yes. They two voice are that of Lorry’s and Charles’. “So what we gonna do next?” A stranger’s voice asked. That must be Charles. “Let me see. Today, our teacher holds the parents’ meeting at which she’ll surely tell your bad behavior, which will engage many parent’s attention of you. So they’ll go to ask for your leave from our school. What’s more, the parents will be concerned about who your parents are, as well as the teacher. She must have a talk with your parent as soon as possible to point your problems. Thus the whole school will try to contact with your parent and you can see them then!” Lorry said excitedly. “I do appreciate your help. In face, I hate to see them. But you know I have to because my grandma needs them to take care of and the money eared by my grandma is limited, I cannot spend her money.” Charles cried. “Yes, I can understand you. I’ll always help you and say bad words of you in front of my parent. Remember, you mustn’t behave well as the former period, or all of our plan will fail.
I don’t know whether I should enter into my home because I know that will interrupt and destroy the two children’s great plan. At the same time, I feel rather gratified to hear my little son’s words. He is no longer the selfish boy as before, but a boy ready to help others, though the approaches may be a little childish, or even foolish.
Finally, of course their dream comes true and Charles sees his parent.
We can never look down upon children’s thoughts as it can be that fabulous and pure.
