    The ladies in silver are so delighted that they have finally found Chon and gives the box to Mary, saying, “It is for you, Chon.”
Mary accepts the box joyfully and heads for home. She can’t wait a more second to open the box and finds that there’s a stone in the box. However, it is not a normal stone. It is a stone that is shining and giving out red light: Mary doesn’t what the read means for her. Eagerly she find the instruction of the stone, which reads, “With the wishing stone, you will be on the top of the world. Speak your wishes with the stone in your right hand Three chances are given.”
Mary now knows that with the stone, she and her children can get rid of poverty, live a wonderful life, and most importantly, do whatever she wants instead of dwelling on the work in the restaurant.
So Mary holds the wishing stone tight in her right hand and make her fist wishes, “I wish I can be the riches woman in the world.”
As soon as Mary finishes, a red flash reflect from the stone, which reveals that it has received the message Mary gives.
Now，Mary finds herself in the most magnificent mansion she had ever seen and with piles of golds and diamonds everywhere. Mary now has become the richest woman in the world in a second. 
Mary rushes and fetches her children home and enthusiastically tells them about the wishing stone and her first wish. The children are so happy that they decide not to go to school any more and just enjoy their inexhaustible money. They don’t know, however, that without knowledge, wealth is just rubbish.
The news that Mary has become rich spreads widely and quickly. All people’s attitudes towards Mary change. Those who used look down upon Mary are respectful to her. Those who used bully her now wants to become friends with her.
What a great influence wealth has!
However, nothing lasts long.
Soon, Mary thought to be a criminal and stealing from others to become rich. So she is sent to prison lifelong and all her money is confiscated. Her children are left destitute and are not given a second chance to go back to school. Since they don’t have much knowledge and skill, all Mary’s children become labors and beggars.
In the jail, Mary lives a hard life. She has to confined to the strict rules there and works longer hours than before without any rest. She feels lonely and despair. She wants to be loved and freedom. So, holding the willing stone tight in the right hand, Mary makes the second wish, “I wish I could be free and have a husband.”
Red flashes flows and Mary finds that she is at home again. Most surprised, she also finds her “husband” in the house, who is handsome and looks gentle. Mary’s children came back to their mother and warmly welcome their new father. Mary thinks she’s going to live a better life this time since she has a complete family now.
However, everything goes adversely towards what Mary thinks. Her new husband is not as gentle as what he looks like. He is a heavily drinker and compulsive gambler. Soon, he bits the children a lot and losts all the money that Mary saved.
Mary and her children become poor again and life is much harder for them because of her “husband”.
Without love, a real family couldn’t establish.
In order to free herself from this predicament, Mary holds the wishing stone and makes the last wish. “I wish that everything can go back to the day I met the lady who gave me the wishing stone.”
Soon after the read flashes, Mary finds herself confronted with the two same ladies in silver garments holding a big box.
“Who are you?” the two ladies ask.
“I’m Mary.” Mary answers.
“We are looking for Chon. This box is for Chon.” One of the ladies says and they heads for the flying boat.
“Wait a minute. Could you please tell me who exactly is Chon?” Mary asks.
The two ladies turns back and say, “Chon is not a person. Actually, Chon stands for caring, honest, optimistic and nice. Whoever processes these four kind of things can be the wealthiest man in the world.” 
  
