 “Excuse me, Miss.” I asked, “I’m Lorry’s mother. And my son always kept telling me about Charles. Can you tell me who he is?”
The teacher looked at me, surprised. “We don’t have any Charles here in class.”
“But my son told me that Charles was the worst boy in class and was always making troubles. I’m just so curious about him.” I said.
“Sorry, Lorry’s mother. All the students in our class are so obedient that no one ever made any trouble. But I have something about Lorry to tell you, Miss. I often found him distracted in classes and seemed to be daydreaming. But after I awakened him, he seemed to forget everything,” said Lorry’s teacher.
I was so angry that my son had lied to me. While at the same time, I wondered what was the story of Charles for.
When I got home that night, Lorry didn’t tell us any news about Charles. However, I punished him bitterly. “Why did you make up the story about Charles? Today your teacher told me that there isn’t any Charles in class.”
“Bit believe it or not, Charles was really there. I mean it.” This was the innocent reply of my son.
I thought of that the teacher told me Lorry sometimes seemed to drop his memory. I was a little bit worry so I decided to take him to a doctor the next day.
The doctor examined Lorry carefully and thoroughly. At last, he came to a conclusion that Lorry had got a psychosis and Charles was the character produced only in Lorry’s mind.
Discovering that my son had got such kind of disease I felt desperate. Why would god have played such a joke on us?
But of course, Lorry would never know his psychologically disability because he never knew who Charles really was. So Lorry denied that Charles was a make-up character and became isolated from me and my husband.
Days went on excepted one thing changed. Lorry had to take one bill everyday for his disease. He went to school and came home after school every day liked nothing have ever happened.
Now, Lorry never talked about Charles at home. But without Charles, Lorry didn’t have any topic to tell us, which made me rather frustrated. What’s more, I often found something in Lorry’s aspiring eyes that he seemed to have something to tell us.
So one day I encouraged myself and asked Lorry, “Did Charles do something evil today?”
My question about Charles seemed to be the only thing that excited Lorry these months.
His dull face shifted into a delighted and excited one. “Charles behaved evilly all these days. He was always punished by the teacher and was told that he would be forbidden to go to school any more if he went on performing that bad.”
Looking at my son’s interested face, I felt worried. Lorry had been addicted to Charles and I felt that the character of Lorry himself was fading.
From that night on, Charles became our family again and Lorry kept telling us Charles.
One day, unexpectedly, Lorry said to me seriously, “Mum, I know you always think that I’ve got a psychosis disease. But today I want to prove to you that Charles really exists.”
Lorry led me to his bedroom, holding my hand towards the atmosphere that seemed couldn’t be normal to me. However, my heart beated and I wanted to scream because I touched some invisible object. I felt horrible, wondering what it was.
“Mum, it is Charles. He is the boy that I kept telling you these months. It seems that it’s only I who can see him. He’s a boy of our age. And Charles once told me that only the person who trusts others could see him,” said Lorry.
I became interested in Charles’s story and eagered Lorry to tell me more about Charles.
“Well, mum, I will tell you from the very beginning,” said Lorry. “It was in the school’s gymnasium that I first met Charles. I saw him sitting alone in the gymnasium, crying. So I went to him and asked if there was anything I could do for him. He was astonished that I could see him and told me that he hadn’t talked to others for 100 years. He said he would like me to find the lost memory for him. So I took him home and went to school everyday with him.
“Soon, his memory came back to him gradually and he remembered that his family were all murmured by a big man. But he couldn’t remember what the big man exactly looked like. He was hidden in a wardrobe by his parents when they were murdered. His parents told him not to go out whatever sound her heard.
“Charles’s memory came back when I talked to him and for these months I was fining to discover the truth of the murdering.
