 “My name is Chon”, Mary answered. After a long and fierce struggle she gave out this answer. Memory brought her back to the past.
“Mummy, have you brought chicken leg for me today?” Little White kept asking when Mary came back home after work. White was Mary’s hope. It was White’s smile that saved her when she wanted to commit a suiside. She realized that someone need her. Little White was very cute but naughty. He always made Mary relaxed after a day-long hard work. But today Mary could not give him the chicken leg. No customers left one in the restaurant. How can she say “No” to White! While she was facing a couple of eyes full of expectations. “Er…Er…Yes, I have got one for you. Just wait. Let me cook for you.” She didn’t dare to look into White’s eyes and turn towards the kitchen. Little White went to play in the yard happily.
“Mum, look, I have one.” Blonde said. (White’s elder sister, 7 years old) Mary surprisingly found that a chicken leg was hold in two little dirty hands.
“Stupid girl, you have stolen things. How can you do that?” Angrily she hit Blonde on the face. At the same time, they all cried heavily. Blonde was misunderstood by her mother. She didn’t steal anything. During the daytime after her school work, she went to clean some neighbor’s room. The chicken leg was her pay and that was why her hands were so dirty. Although Mary was poor, she tried her best to let Blonde go to school. Mary want Blonde to be somebody in the future. She alway teaches her two children to be honest and to be legal. What should she react when she found that Blonde do such bad thing! Finally, Mary knew the truth Blonde was so considerate a girl that she was willing to use her hard work to exchange a chicken leg for her little brother. She knew of mother can not give one to White, White could be extremely disappointed.
Two weak bodies hug together. The sound of the cry spread out of the broken window and stretch to the dim sky that night.
This was their lives of 3 people in one family after Mary divorce.
“My name is Chon”, Mary answered, “My name is Chon. Anything I can do?”
“Yes, we are sent to give Chon these two boxes. If you are Chon, these two are for you.” Two female from the spaceship said.
“Surely, I am.” Mary gave a firm answer when she thought of that night. 
The two ladies gave Mary the boxes and left. Suddenly the spaceship disappear.
Mary hold the two boxes tightly and was afraid to be seen by others. She hurried to her little house with a long of plans in her mind. Buy many chicken legs for White, buy a diamond comb for Blonde, buy a big new house and buy a car to go to work. Completely she forgot what she had taught Blonde before—to be honest.
“White, Blonde, come here. See what I have brought for you.”
No one answer.
“They may be still at school. Let me see first and then give them a surprise.” Mary said excitedly.
Still gold and diamond. Golden and silver light shone brightly in the ragged house. “I can’t believe my eyes. They are mine. Who can who is Chon. I’m Chon.”
It was almost 12:00 midnight. There was no chance that Blonde and White was still at school. Hower, Mary was addicted in the pleasure of getting unexpected surprise. She didn’t remembered that her two children may be lost, may be in danger and she needed to save them.
“I’m Chon. I’m Chon. New clothes, new car, new house. These are what I want. Who care who is Chon.” Mary crazily shouted out.
The 12-o’clock bell rang. It sounded hard and horrable. All of a sudden, the gold and diamond in the boxes in front of Mary disappear. Instead, Mary saw Blonde and White’s head in them. They were Blonde’s blonde hair and White’s white hair. They were not the gold and diamond. All the golds and diamonds are illusory.
“Mom, help us, help us. They will bring us to the outer space. Help us!”
When the twelve strike stopped, Blond and White disappeared, leaving Mary kneeling down and looking up into the sky.     
