 “Mrs Lee. I have something to talk to you. I know I should not say other’s bad others, but as a mother, I think I should speak out.” I said.
“OK. Every suggestion is welcomed. The parent-teacher’s meeting is held to give a chance for us to communicate and solve the problems. You can tell me what you think.” The teacher Mary said. 
“Er…I want to talk about Charles. I didn’t mean to bother you and wanted to invite Charles’ mother over for a cup of tea after the meeting. Unfortunately, she didn’t come and I should find you to help me,” I said. 
“Charles? Mary replied to me totally confused. “We don’t have a Charles here. Do you come to the wrong class?”
“No Charles?” I asked. “That’s impossible. I could not have come to the wrong class. Lorry told me to come to this class and” I said.
“Stop. Lorry? You are Lorry’s mother. Finally I see you,” Mary said with a surprising and a little bit angry sound.
“Yes, Lorry. I’m Lorry’s mother. Did he behave himself at school? Surely Yes. I am always proud of him.” I said.
“Proud? Didn’t he tell you anything about his school life? Perhaps you should be shamed of him. Just now, wasn’t there any mothers complaining with you about Lorry?” Mary said with a couple of widely open eyes. 
“Complain? Why should they complain about Lorry? I should complain about Charles. Oh, let’s come to the point. I come here to talk about Charles with you. He could be a very rough boy and it may be a bad influence on Lorry. I should say you teachers should take the responsibility to bring that boy to the right way. Otherwise that will affect other students.” I said.
“Again. There is no Charles here and there is a mischievous Lorry here. He always did the bad things. Hit teachers, throw chalks and shout so loudly. In order to make him behave himself we punish him. Hope you can be considerate. All we do is all for his own good.” Mary said.
“Unbelievable. That’s Charles. That’s not Lorry. My lovely Lorry could not have done that.” I said and rushed into deep thinking.
When my husband asked Lorry what did Charles do and the teacher hit him, Lorry slid off his chair and left. It seemed that he wanted to hide something.
When I said, “I suppose he got punished again,” Lorry replied to me without thinking “He sure did!” It seemed he knew Charles very much.
When one day lunch was awaiting, Lorry came back and said Charles was punished again. He had to stay after school. Was that the reason why Lorry come back so late that the lunch was awaiting?
    All the things came more and more apparently and all the clues proved that Lorry was Charles and Charles was Lorry. Sometimes Lorry behave like Charles at home, filling his wagon full of mud and pulling it through the house. 
“Mrs Lee, I wonder why “Charles” had been the teacher’s helper for almost a week while you said he did so many bad things. What made him differ?”
“Oh. There is indeed a week like that because I told him that if he did not behave himself I would tell his parents at the parent-teacher’s meeting. He tried to be good. However, he could not wait to do the bad things before we hold the meeting.” Mary said.
“And he said the bad word 3 or 4 times and told a little to say a bad word. Can this be the reason for you to wash his mouth with soap?” I shouted angrily, shut the door and left.
“How can they do that? Even if Lorry did such bad things, how can they use soap as a punishment? My poor Lorry? I know he may be too rebellious, but every child has this period of time. They can’t do that.” Tears came into my eyes, every regretful. “Am I a responsible mother? How can I be like this? How can I be so carless that I can not find any problem about Lorry?”   
