The two women smiles. One of them open the box. This time, no shining lights, only a small card lying in the box. Mary is disappointed. The two women do not notice that, the taller one of them said, “this ID card belongs to you. With this card, you become a legal citizien of our world.” Then the shorter one continue, “Our world is a new born baby compares to the earth. We need people to build our society. Our security center have checked that chon is an orphan, and is living in poor condition now. She can live in our world without missing her parents and relatives. Since you are Chon, that the card, come with us.”
Mary is astonished. The two women are coming from another world? Now even she herself can not believe what she has heard. She can not think other things but do as they said. Taking the card, Mary goes into the airship with the two women. Te door of the airship then closed with the sounds as before. It is wide inside the airship, and all things have shining appearance. “Take a seat, Chon,” the shorter one said. Mary stand still. “Chon?” the taller one asks again. Then Mary hears it and remembers that she is Chon now. She sits down opposite to the two ladies. The taller one opens mouth, “You have already got you gold and diamonds we give the property for you to live in our society. Whether you can earn more money and make a good living, it is depends on you.”
The airship has no window. It can only feel that the ship flys more and more slowly, till it sops stably. Again, the door opens. The two ladies lead Mary walk down the airship. Marry is even more shocked by the scences she sees. It is a dark and silent world. She looks down the ground. Ambiguously she sees the world she comes from. Then she looks around. There are not much building here, but all of them have the shining appearance. Maybe because it’s lack of lights. People were all wear shining clothes. Some are silver, some are red, some are green.
“You can rent or buy a house with the money we gave you. We knew Chon is good at designing, so you will be our building designer.
Mary nods her head like a robot. Just now, she is a poor worker, now she becomes an architect. She thinks of her children. After so long time, they must be wondering where their mom is. Mary asks the ladies how can she come back to the earth again. 
“No, you can never come back to the earth,” the taller one said cruel. “We choose orphan or people without raletives because they do not need to worry about their families. You are an orphan, you should not come back to the earth.” Mary is afraid, she worries her children. She cries, “I’m not Chon. I’m Marry. I’m not an orphan, I have two poor children!”
Something is ringing in the world. Marry’s heart beats fast. Suddenly, the world become lighter and lighter. She sees er little daughter kissing her face. Sunlights come into her window. It is all dream. Thank god. It’s all a dream. 
