 “Ms Lee, is Charles’ mom here now? How come you talked nothing about Charles? I think he really is a troublesome boy,” I said to the teacher.
Mr Lee seemed quite surprised at what I said, “Who? Charles? We have no Charles in the class. By the way, I am just about to talk with you, about your son, Lorry.”
“My son Lorry? What’s wrong with him?” I said worrily.
“I think Lorry is changing these days. He keeps making troubles for teachers. Last time he hit me, I punished him. This time, even worse, he told a little girl a bad word. I think you really need to pay attention to it. Have you noticed anything wrong with him these days?”
I was shocked. I stood still and could only spoke out “Yes, I will take good care of him now, and I pay attention to it.”
When I came back home, I told Lorry’s father what Ms. Lee said. He said, “Well, it’s really a problem. But, if there is no Charles in Lorry’s class, who is Lorry talking?”
“Could it be even more clearly!” I almost shoulded out, “Lorry indeed is Charles!”
Suprise flowed all over his face, the same as I was told by Mr Lee then. My little sweet-voiced baby now really changed. He is a tough boy now.
“What are we gonna do? Shall we tell him that we already knew he is Charles?” My heart was filled with sadness and worrism, and I was almost crying.
“No! Don’t tell him that. Since now he is pretending another Charles does exist, if we tell him that we knew he is lying to us, he might easily hate us and revolt against what we say. Then it will be hard for us to teach him to be a nice boy.”
I couldn’t agree more with what Lorry’s father said, and continued his words, “Maybe we can invent a boy named Lorry, who is a tough boy as well as a trouble maker. But he learned several listenes then and little by little, Lorry becomes a good boy and everyone likes him. What do you think?”
“Good idea!” my husband said.
I felt hopes again, and I even can’t picture my son Lorry changes back to be the sweet little boy.
“Isn’t anybody here?” a loud voice came from the front door It was Lorry. He threw his hat on the floor as usual. Without greeting me a word, he went into his room directly.
At supper, my husband asked him like before, “how was school today?”
“Nothing different,” he said, “did you see Charles’ mom?”
“No,” I said, “It’s so odd that the teacher said nothing about Charles, and I couldn’t find out who is Charles’ mom.
With a big brad, in his mouth, Lorry said, “She must feel shamed for attending so you could not find her.”
“Maybe,” I paused for a while and said with an excited voice, “you know, Lorry! When I was going to give birth to you in the hospital, I made friend with the lady next to my bed. She was also having a baby. The baby is a boy, and surprisingly, he is also named Lorry. I saw the lady and that Lorry today.
“Really?” Lorry seemed curious about it, “Then what does that Lorry looks like?”
He is as tall a you, but he is a tough boy, his mother said he always made troubles at school. At this point, he is quite like Charles,” I said.
“Maybe he got his reasons,” Lorry said. Then he continued his supper and said nothing till finished the meal.
The other day, at dinner, we continued our topic of another Lorry. Each day, that Lorry behaved better and better. And Lorry seemed had been influenced by it a little bit. I asked Mr. Lee whether Lorry still made troubles at school. She said, Lorry behaved mouch better than before.
Now, my little sweet boy almost came back. Me and my husband were quite satisfied.     
