 
---Trapped---
That’s great, we’ve got you, Chon”, said one of the women in silver.
“What have you prepared for me?” asked Mary, eager to see the contents of the box.
Without immediate answer, the other woman smilingly opened the box and handed it to Mary. However, there was nothing inside. The bottom of the box was made of a kind of unknown metal and when it was revealed, the air around seems to be consumed by it.
Mary felt annoyed, “why this box is empty?” Where are the gold and diamonds?”
But just she tried to raise her head and stare angrily at the two women, she found her unable to do so.
For she has, somehow been trapped in the box.
“The box is no longer empty, Chon”, a voice from somewhere answered her in a tone of triumph.
Only with this answer, did Mary began to realize the real meaning of the sentence “We’ve got you.”
Honor and regret did not last long, since Mary soon lost all her feelings in the endless darkness in the box.  
---Report---
[In the red spaceship, in front of the huge screen].
The 2 women were kneeling.
“We’ve got her, boss,” said one voice.
“Great, take her to see me before 2 pm” said a deep voice from the screen.
“But…we can persuade her, right now!” argued one of the women.
“I’ll persuade her myself!”
With the definite answer, the woman stopped, and nodded her head.
“Also, remember to keep an eye on the spaceship from the “Blue” and the “Green”! If they knew we’ve got Chon, they will began to find us trouble. At that time, don’t hesitate to shoot them down!”
“But you asked us to bring Chon to you before 2 p.m.”
“Nonsense! Our ship is twice as big as theirs, don’t you think we can defeat them without any difficulty?”
“Yes, sir, murmured the women.
---Spaceship---
  “Chon! Chon!”
“Is that a dream, that in order to gain something that doesn’t belong to me I was caught by the aliens?” thought Mary.
“Chon, Chon!”
“Wake up!”
On hearing the word “wake up”, Mary opened her eyes and was again grected with the endless darkness in that strange box.
“This isn’t a dram, Chon!”
Still in the darkness, Mary felt despair was consuming her like a tide, however, she decided to trust to those voice since it’s the last straw of her.
“Who are you?”
“I’m from the blue spaceship, Chon!”
“And I’m from the Green.”
“And we are going to help you.”
“But I’m still confused about what going on here! In fact, I’m not Chon, I’m just a greedy and poor woman who wants to get richer and provide a better life for my family.”
“We know you are, Chon. Since time is limited, we are not able to answer all your questions, but we are able to send you electronic waves about all the things we know to your brain, and this will save you a lot of time asking!”
Immediately, Mary received thousands of knowledge, she learned that in the far far away, there were 3 super planets. One is called “the Blue”, one is called the “Green” and one is called “the Red”. At first, they were of the equal size and stayed together peacefully for 100,000 years but one day, the king from “the Red” became infected with a kind of virus and he was no longer friendly and became to invade his neighboring planets. The kings of the other two planets were not as cruel as the king of the Red to kill innocent people, thus they are almost defeated by their mean enemy. 
But then “Chon” appeared. She was a powerful fighter and she helped defeated the read army. However, in the last battle, she got seriously injured and fell on earth. 
“But I’m not Chon. I am Mary.”
“We know you are, Chon…Oh, no , Mary. Everyone cannot be perfect, even our great kings. You have got all the virtues of a great person, the greediness is just a little fault. We can see form you eyes that you are the Chon we are looking for when you say ‘no’ to us for the first two times. Also, only Chon can understand the words sent through our planets’ electronic waves…”
“Oh, time is limited, for though we’ve avoided conflict with the red’s spaceship and talked to you directly, it is flying near our kings building!”
“But what am I supposed to do?”
“Just think of something good in your life.”
“All the happiness…”
Mary closed her eyes and began to recall her memories of her life. Her dear children, her husband, their sweet little garden…
---Wake Up---
“Mum! Mum!’
Mary opened her eyes again, she saw her children’s lovely face. They were looking at her anxiously, one of them even had tears in his eyes.
“What’s the matter with me?”
“You have got a fever last night, mummy. When you went home from work,” said a little girl.
“What time is it now?”
“6:30 in the morning.”
“Oh, I must hurry, I’ll be later for work!”
Mary quickly grabbed all the things needed and was filled with happiness and appreciation to see her lovely and caring children again. She was not sure about all the things that had happened. Was that just a dream or something? Anyway, she was regained her confidence in living and is now seeing everything in a cheerful new light. “Thanks to the dream”, she thought.
When she reached to the door, she realized that she had forgotten her cellphone, so she hurried to her bed and groped for it under the pillow.
As she felt something, she took them out.
It was a little card, written in both blue and green.
“Thank you, Chon!”
“Thank you, Chon!”
Tears filled her eyes for the first time.   


