 “Nice to meet you, madame.” The teacher greeted me with a warm smile. 
“Nice to meet you,” I replied with a smile. 
However, seeing the welcoming smile of the teacher, I found it difficult to start asking about Charles. Will the teacher regard me as a nosy woman who likes to stick her nose into other people’s affairs? Being intimidated by this thought, I determined to start with my boy. 
    “I want to know how’s Lorry doing at school…” I couldn’t hide my embarrassment as I saw the teacher’s bright face soon covered with worry.” What did Lorry do? I wondered.
“Er…er…not so well…” The teacher seemed thinking hard in picking a proper word to judge my boy.
The worst result that I could think of suddenly dawned on me.
“Is he a friend of Charles, the bad boy?” I asked eagerly, and hoping a definite “no” in reply.
To my surprise, the teacher’s expressions seemed to be puzzled at the mention of “Charles”.
“Char…Charles…?” He repeated my words slowly and clearly, “Who’s that?”
“The boy who seldom behaves himself!” I almost cried “How can you don’t know him! Is my boy playing with him?” Everything is insane, I thought. The teacher’s reactions to Charles was so wired. What’s wrong???!!!
The teacher seemed to digest what I said since I saw the twisted eyebrows of his became to strench 2 minutes later, however, it was a look that was a neither cheerful nor confused. To my horror, it was—a very serious look, to be exact.
“I guess I FINALLY know what’s going on here, madam.” He cleared his voice, and the following words of his made me doubt my hearing, “There is no Charles, and…”
“How can there be no Charles!” This was probably the biggest joke that I had ever heard, so I reacted swifted without noticing that I had interrupted the teacher’ words. “The boy is full of mischievious! The boy that is fond of saying bad words!” 
I felt crazy talking to the teacher because I felt that there must be someone between us that was a fool, and hopefully, I wasn’t me.
“Calm down, madame.” The teacher began once again. I mean, there might be …er…Charles, but his real name isn’t Charles."
“What’s that?” Curiosity again dropped by me. This has a big news to tell my husband, a secret about Charles and I thought he would be glad to hear it. So I waited patiently to hear the following words of the teacher’s.
“In fact, I think the so called ‘bad boy’ that you mentioned is your boy.” The teacher said cautiously. “He isn’t doing well this time, and he got his mouth washed out with soap several times because of the bad word.”
“Wait a minute, I can’t digest this”, I thought. “What is the teacher saying? No Charles? It’s my Lorry?”
“Yeah”, the teacher replied, however, seeming to comfort me, he added “He not that bad, in fact, he used to behave himself for nearly a week. I think he is not a bad boy, he just need more supervise from me.”
I couldn’t remember the rest of the talk, and when I felt awake again, I was already standing on the corridor outside the teacher’s office. 
This was the most terrible thing I had expected. I had been fooled by my child, and I was probably a irresponsible mother in the teacher’s eyes. I knew nothing about the performance of my boy at school. I really, want to die, for such a mistake I’ve made.
“Lorry!” A voice came into my ears. And I saw the boy lived next door running to somebody I’m the most familiar with, and perhaps he most unfamiliar with. 
The figure turned around to hold the girls hands. I could see the fears in his eyes as the eyes saw in my direction.
“Lorry!” I went to him. “I’ve had the parent-teacher’s meeting, and I’m leaving now.” I tired to act as if nothing happened. There’s a mess in my mind that I must sort out. But before sorting it out and finding out the solutions, I don’t want to exert any negative influence on my boy, even though he’s such a “bad boy”.
“You’re leaving, mum? Have you seen the teacher?” Lorry asked with doubt. 
“Yeah, leaving” I said, trying to smile. However, I’m sure my smile must be worst than a cry. “Bye-bye! Oh, don’t be late for home!”
Lorry did went home late that evening, so I had plenty of time to sort out my emotions and waited for my husband to arrive home from work.
He was worried about Lorry’s problems, too. However, we’ve decided to conceal that fact that we’ve known everything and see what will Lorry do in the following days. 
It was the most difficult dinner time we’ve ever experienced that evening.
As Lorry went back home, a big feast had already been prepared for though I can ensure the taste of the dishes will be good this time.
None of us talked at the beginning. We found it difficult to since we couples didn’t know where to start from and Lorry seemed to lost his interest in “Charles” as well. However, the boy broke the silence, “Ch… Char… Charles…” He said in a weak voice. 
   
