 “But we look for the honest woman, called Mary”, two women said. A look of disappointed spread out in their face.
“Er…Actually, my real name is Mary, I hope you had found the right one”, Mary continued.
“We think the diamond and glod need a honest master, not you, sorry!” After that, the huge aircraft vanished in the dark and dense sky.
Now, Mary was in an empty street, wandering around. A feeling of sour and bitterness emerged from her heart. “Why I do not tell them the truth at first”, she said herself. “If I keep my honest, I will have the diamond and gold which bring me happiness and comfortable life.” She could not help to think about it. “But they are gone, because of me”, she bursted into tears.
Wandering and wandering, Mary still lost her ways in a world of sorrow. Escaped of her noice, the darkness had come. A strong and cold wind blew toward Mary. With this wing, Mary came back to her life. Suddently, she found that she was surrounded by the horrible darkness, and it was the time to cook for her children. So, she ran, heard for her house. 
During the long run, the shape of the aircraft continuously came to Mary’s mind. Just like a curse, no matter what she does, she could not get rid of it.
Suffered a lot from the curse, Mary returned home with a exhausted body. Still, she tried to tell her experience to her children. Showing no interest and trust, they let their mother alone. In this time the life seems to be harder to her, since she could not find someone who support her. But now, the priority is to prepare the dinner. After the dinner, a lot of jobs still wait for her: wash the cloth, clean the house, and tide the bed. But, these things gave she a disgusting feeling. So, she quit her “job” today, just go to bed.
In the night, Mary fell asleep soon. Also, she had a wonderful time in her dream: Because of the diamond and gold from two women, her life was totally changed. She did not need to work any more, and had many servants worked for her. An elegant house, luxurious cars, delectable foods, everything she dream for she can have now. Then, a sparkle sunshine brought she back to the life.
After breakfast, it was time for work she thought. “That kind of work will bring me nothing, why not go outside to meet the aircraft again and have the gold and diamond which belong me,” she smiled. So, she set up the whole day lingered around the town hoping to encounter the aircraft. It seemed that the women from outside had fallen asleep, the aircraft did not show its face during the entire day. Day after day, Mary went out early, went back with nothing. It is true that the dark day finally comes.


