Wondering the secret of Charles, I invited Lorry’s teacher to have a cup of tea with me. At first, the atmosphere was quite strange, since we met for just 2 times. But, since I mentioned about Charles, the teacher seemed to have to lot of thing to tell me.
“Charles is a good boy in the former time,” she said. “What?” I quite surprised. “It is a long story, and I am going to let you know it,” she added. And then, she began:
Charles, the naughty boy, was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. When he was a kid, he was the happiest one in this world. Cuty toys, delicious food, good teachers, warm family…He could have everything he want. In that time, Charles was friendly, kind and optimistic. Unfortunately, all the tings faded away after his father stuck into debts. Some of his father’s friends were jealous of his father, and they wanted to take all the money of him. So they played a card game with him, then set him up. In that game, Charles’ father lost all the money he had, in addition, he also owed others a lot. After that, everything changed in Charle’s life. Without money, without house, even without the family. His mother run away with another wealthy man, even not say good bye to him. Also, his father became another man, got drunk everyday, without working. Life seems so hard to Charles. In order to supply his broken family, he had to work at a small shoesshop to make shoes. He made quite a lot of shoes each day, but he did not have one for himself. Suffered the burden of life, he had to be cruel and indifferent to others so that he could find his own security. That was why he did not behave himself in the class. And the class was the only chance for his to release. “It is quite long,” I said. “But recent week, he changes a lot,” I added. “There are more details you should know,”’ she said. Then, she continued.
Last week, his mother came back from England, with lots of preserves for him. And that lighted up his life. Receiving the love from mother, he was reborn. Each day, he passed things out and picked things up, tried to be my helper. In order to live up his mother’s expectations, he also studied harder and got involved in his works. How wonderful he was that time! All of a sudden, his mother left, without any words for him. It was the end of his happy life. His mother destroyed his dream, left him a sense of hating women in the world. So during the class, he played tricks to a girl and got fun from it.
“It’s terrible. God bless my poor Charles,” I murmured. How time flies! We are surrounded by the darkness now. It was time to go home, so I said goodbye to the teacher.
After I went home, I told them about this. All of them got a shock. For my son Lorry, he changed his ways to treat Charles. He had dinner with him, played with him. Maybe Charles was tought by Lorry’s sincere heart, they became good friends.
Day after day, the time passed away smoothly. My Lorry grew up. So do Charles. Because of Charles’ hard working, he became a wealthy man. And now, he could have everything again. So he got a plan to have his revenge on the women. An evil-like plan was beginning.   
