 “My name is Chon.” Replied Mary.
“These two boxes are for you,” said the two women, giving the boxes to Mary.
“What are they?” Asked Mary curiously.
“Silver and platinum.”
With those words, the two women disappeared.
Mary was at the point of going crazy. Hear heart overflowed with joys and excitement. She thought she might know what to do next.
She did not go to work that day. Instead, she settled in the sofa at home, devoting herself into the mysterious boxes.
“No one would know that these boxes are for Chon. God knows! I deserve these possessions since God has never bestowed me fairness and happiness. I’ll sell them one by one to live a happy life with my beloved children.”
As soon as she made a decision, she went out with the first box of gold. After wondering in several commercial banks, she decided to trade with one of the most famous commercial ban there, which after comparison, she thought would evaluate the highest value of the gold.
However, things were not all as good as she imagined. After returning home, she received a phonecall saying she was fired because of failing to be at work on time without asking for a leave. But since she had almost become a millionaire with those treasures, she was quite content to be fired.
Soon, Mary raised into fame due to the large quantity of luxury purchasing. She and her four beloved children became richest family in the town.
However, she was afraid of be discovered that she was not Chon that she always hid herself at home and even forbid her children to make friends. Gradually, all of her four children lost the capabilities of activities and even study. But Mary would not mind for she possessed treasury.
It was long before she decided to sell the second box, a box of diamond. “I would not need so many diamonds; they are gorgeous, though. But it would be better if I sell most of them and buy some other things like cars and houses.” Mary thought to herself and as soon as it possibly be, she sold out a lot of diamonds.
Her face was even more significant in the town, so significant that even her children began to wonder why. They thought their mother as a woman with great luck. “Luck does not deserve careful use.” So they began to cheat her mother to steal some money for entertainment. Yet not much attention was paid and their dishonest became quite unbridled. As the fame of being wealthy raise, the fame of being dishonest of her children also spread. The people of the town began to dislike those children’s dishonest and Mary’s extravagance.   
Shortly afterwards, Mary again decided to sell the third box together with the fourth box. They were silver and platinum. She pretended to keep them at the very beginning. But one day, she was out shopping and heard that a witch was visiting the town and if one possessed enough silver and platinum and was willing to sell them, she would be willing give a time machine as reward. Now that Mary had got enough money, she’d like to have something more special.
That day came and she went a long way from the east to the south in the town to pay a visit to the witch.
“There you come!” Said the witch when Mary went into the room.
Mary was so puzzled. “Are you waiting for me?”
“Yes, excately, my dear Chon.” Replied the witch.
“Chon!” Mary was totally shocked by the name! She stood there for quite a long time, wordless.
“Chon is you! God has bestowed you the name.” The witch said. 
Mary felt much like seeing the witch clearly but it was hard in such darkness. At that very moment, she decided to lie.
“Yes, Chon is me.”
“Then, Chon, are you ready to give the silver and platinum to me in exchange for a time machine?”
There was great fear in Mary. She thought she might as well give the silver and platinum to her, take the time machine and take a leave as soon as possible.
“Yes, quite ready. Where’s the time machine? Here are the silver plus platinum.
“Would you not have a try on this time machine? Close your eyes, and you’ll go back or go to which period of time at your will?”
“No” is the word Mary wanted to utter; however, fear for this witch drew it back.
“I will try.”
“In that case, I’d like to go back to my birthday. That would be interesting.” Mary thought to herself.
“Dear, thank god for giving me such a pretty girl! What name should we give?” A young but rather exhausted woman stayed on the bed, saying to a man with beard on his face.
“Mum, Dad!” Screamed Mary as she saw her parents after so many years.
But they did not seem to hear that. Then came a word that shocked Mary once again.
“Chon. What about Chon?” The man continued with excitement, “Capability honest, optimism and naivety! That’s what we are pursueing through our life. May God bestow it to our little child, Chon!”
“Chon! Chon! Chon!” Mary cried out.
“Time to be back, my dear Chon!” All of a sudden, back to the room was Mary.
“I am not Chon! Mary is my name!” Cried Mary!
“Chon is you! My dear! However, your parents concealed the name for some reasons.
“Con, capability and honest is what you’ve lost in yourself and your children. Now are you selling your opitimism and naivety?”
“If you were bestowed the four characters, you would have had a happy life without complaint. Treasury is not everything.   
