 “How is Lorry in school, Miss Marilyn?” I thought I should care more about my own child.
“Oh, Lorry, Lorry Brown, you mean? Uh…” she hesitated for a while, “You are his mother?”
“Yes,” I answered quite confidently, only to find that Lorry had never talked about his own performance in school.
“Quite good.” Actually Miss Marilyn was muttering those words,, so unclearly as if she wanted to choke them.
As I enquired more, she began to get extremely uneasy and eventually she took her leave with some little excuses. The only impression that my sweet son had left on the teacher seemed to be only “quite good”. I was not really satisfied, though.
The next morning I talked to Lorry’s father, unsatisfactorily, “I don’t think we’ve sent Lorry to the right school. No one seemed to care about that alient boy Charles. Neither does Miss Marilyn pay attention to her students’ performance.”
“Have you met Charles’ mother?” Asked my husband curiously.
“Not at all! Everyone acted as there were no Charles in there!”
At hearing these words, Lorry hurried to the door, grasping his bag and was about to leave when I stopped him, “Lorry, you haven’t had your breakfast?”
“Flora was awaiting me! I’ve got to hurry up.” 
“Bomp!” Then came the big sound of closing the front door heavily.
Flora was the older girl that always accompanied my little Lorry. However, we did not know much about this girl. We only obtained a narrow knowledge of her that she went to the same school as Lorry. She did have some kind of brotherhood and sisterhood, which was not revealed to the neighborhood. Her father died in a car accident. But we only heard about it. Living with her now was her aged grandma.
Little was known to us that how Lorry made an acquaintance of her. But the very first day of attending classes, Lorry refused our offer to drive him to school. Instead, he’d like to go with Flora. My husband and I did not take it seriously as we thought it might be good for Lorry to get to know some people and build his own social relations. 
But how about Charles. Never had we ever encountered with that lengendary naughty boy. But he seemed to insert much more influence on Lorry and us than any other friends of Lorry’s.
“Dear, I think we’ve got to focus more on Lorry than the unknown figure.” My husband suggested, which reminded me of the vague remark from the teacher.
“Yep, but how?” 
“Try to get to know Flora,” He said, sinking to thought deeply.
At half past four in the afternoon, I was already standing in front of the door, awaiting Lorry and Flora. Then far way I saw Flora. She was walking a litter faster than Lorry, which made an interesting scene that she seemed to be Lorry’s elder sister.
“Hey, Flora,” I waved to them eagerly.
The silence between these two youngsters was broken by my words as they came near.
Flora seemed a little surprised. It was like a little sunshine sprayed on her stiff face. “If not for her coldness, she would be a beauty.” I thought to myself as I saw her raised face.
“Would you come over our house? We’ve prepared some cookies for you.” I tried to persade Flora to come.
She hesitated for a while and Lorry was staring at me strangely when Flora said her yes.
Lorry remained silent all the way up to the living room. He did not mention Charles—that had been the very first time since he went to school.
“Flora, I’ve heard from Lorry thousands of times about the anecdotes of Charles. I’m sure you also knew about him.” I tried to make myself natural and casual.
But my words were succeeded by a scary silence. 
“No.” Answered Flora. But she almost muttered the word.
I was quite astonished by the answer. I turned to Lorry, who was trying to avoid eye contact with me. 
“I… I did not tell her about…about, yep, that Charles.” Added Lorry.
But apparently I saw something on Flora’s face that she must know Charles quite well, for she looked into Lorry’s eyes with some kind of gratitude and confidence.
I’m afraid I’d go now. My grandma needs my care.” With those words, Flora hurried to the front door and rushed to that dark house that never seemed to be lightened.
“How much do you know about Flora?” I asked Lorry. 
“As much as you do,” he answered, still, avoiding to make eye-contact.
“Why don’t you tell her about Charles?”
“Charles is bad!” shouted Lorry and hurried to upstairs.
Charles, Lorry and Flora, the three names.
