 “Aren’t you Mary?” one of the women said.
“I don’t think I should tell my name to a stranger before I know what he or she exactly wants.” Mary answered.
“Do you have two children? Did you divorce with your husband?” the other woman asked.
“En, en, yes,” Mary answered with a unnoticeable surprise in her voice they were communicating with each other. But their conversation didn’t reach Mary’s brain. Stared by the two women, Mary stood with her back straight, looking directly into their eyes. She shouted from the bottom of her soul, “I need help! I deserve the gold and diamond!” She was so nervous and excited that she tried to control her trembling hands by holding the fist firmly.
The silence was driven by the words appearing in Mary’s brain. “You can have the gold and diamond, Chon.” One of the women said. “Or Mary” the other woman added. Shocked by their words, Mary took over the gold and diamond with her trembling hands. There was a second that she was hesitated, but the hesitation was driven away by the callus in her hands which resulted from many years’ hard work in the restaurant. She quickly got the treasures from their hand and watched them disappeared in the same way.
With the gold and diamond, Mary bought a mansion in the most expensive area which was located in the centre of the city. She sent her lovely children to the first-rate school which charged expensive tuition fee. Never did she took a crowded bus because she owned an expensive car, she made up her face which used to have many wrinkles plowed by the years. There was no need for her to work in the restauruant because she herself ran several luxurious restaurant with the gold and diamond.
Mary swore that she would never scratch a living like before. So she did anything she wanted, ate anything she desired, bought anything she longed for. She thought that she had totally become one of the rich.
On a chilly evening, the wind soared and scratched at people’s face. Mary walked out of her restaurant, but was stocked by a begger at the gate. She tried to yeid at her and drove her away for fear that her expensive coat would be polluted by her dirty hands. Finally, she threw a coin at her and then walk away.
“Chon, have you got some money.” A sound appeared behind Mary back. Mary was shocked, stood straightly and trembled like many years ago because she hadn’t hear the name for years. Not only did the name saved her from the hell, but also became her nightmare since she got the gold and diamond. She suffered from the guilty that she had something which didn’t belong to her.
She turned around slowly, only to find that another male begger ran towards the female begger whom she met at the gate.
“Is she Chon?” she asked herself unbelievable. Was it herself who made a woman become a begger? Was she a criminal? She asked himself continuously. The guilty flooded into her brain. Was she rich?
“Not, I am not rich” she said slowly. “Because I hate lost the most precious thing. It is an honest heart.”  
