She was talking to the other parents when I walked out of the classroom and found her. She was a pretty young lady and looked like patient. It seemed that their conversation would not end in a short time. Therefore, I seated myself on the bench ouside the classroom and waited to talk to her.
At the same time, I was wondering why the teacher didn’t mention about Charles during the meeting, so did the other parents. It was obvious that Charles’ mother hid her son’s secret so well that nobody talked about that.
“Can you tell me who is his mother? I really eager to talk to her.” One of the women talking to the teacher said.
    This question drew my attention and I turned around to listen to them. Without doubt that they were asking about Charles’ mother. Curious and expectant, I can’t not wait to hear her answer.
“I’m sorry that I can’t tell you. It is about principle and for reason of protecting the students self-esteem.” The teacher said.
She failed to live up to my expectation which disappointed me as well as other expectant women. Some of them promised to her that they would never tell anyone, but in vain. The teacher just shut her mouth and refused to talk about it. After a moment, their conversation was over. The women left one by one. I thought it was a good time to talk to teacher about Charles. So I headed for the teacher. 
As I approaching, she found and smiled at me. But I could exactly tell you what her smile was a little strange which made herself not at ease. We greeted each other and started our chat.
“How about Lorry’s performance at school?” I asked.
“Oh, let me think out it… En…, you know, most of the little boys are naughty, so is Lorry. But he changed a lot recently. She answered equivocally.
“Yes, I know. But I am worrying that some bad influence may result in his bad performance at school, such as other rough boy.” I said.
“Do you mean the other rough boy?” The teacher said in a surprised voice.
“Yes, I mean…Charles. My husband and I heard about him from Lorry. And we knew that he changed a lot recently. We feel desperate to meet Charles’ mother.”
“Charles? I am sorry to tell you that you may make a mistake. There is nobody called Charles in our class. I haven’t heard about this name.” she said suspectedly.
“Are you kidding? Then is there any rough boy in this class?” I said in a astonishing voice.
“I am sure that nobody is very naughty, except your son Lorry.”
“Oh, my god,” I wispered in a low voice. I suddenly found out that who was Charles. It was my son, Lorry. All of a sudden, what Lorry told flooded into my head. Charles threw a chalk at the teacher; Charles hit the teacher; Charles told a little girl to speak a bad word;…I would not say anything any more. It was really the end of a period in my life.!”
