The two women say nothing but just smile, and turn back to the aircraft.
“Chon! My name is Chon” Mary screams, “I think, something you might forget to do. What is in the box.”
“Ivory, the ivory that should be given to Mary.” The two women open the box and there is full of sweet-smelling in the air. Then the two women close the box and go back to the aircraft. Several second later, the aircraft disappears.
Upset is Mary and another idea comes in her mind.
Before long, Mary is very happy to hear the similar sound again. However, two aircraft fly down at this time. One is yellow and the other is black. A women in silvered come out of the yellow aircraft with a box in the hand. The same thing happens in the other aircraft.
“What’s your name?” The two women ask together.
Mary says, “Who are you? What’s in the box?”
The woman from the yellow aircraft answers, “I get a present for Chon.” She opens the box and say, “Halcyon.” Suddenly there is full of green light in the air.
“My name is Chon,” Mary says immediately.
The woman from the black aircraft says, “I get a present from Mary,” when she opens the box. “There is agate, my present to Mary.”
“My name is Mary” Mary screams without hesitation, “Give me the agate.”
The two women give the two boxes to Mary and disappear soon.
Happy is Mary when she go back home with the two boxes. On the way she see friend and say hello to him. But the man say, “Didn’t I know you?” “I am Mary,” Mary says with great joy. The man says, “You must be kidding. I know Mary. You can’t be Mary.” Then the man goes.
Mary didn’t pay much attention to this. She came home and see her two sons, saying: “Hi sweety, can you guess what mum has got?” The two kids say, “You are not our mum. Who are you? Why you come to our house?”
“I am you mum,” Mary feels something wrong. She finds the mirror and is shock to see a strange face in the mirror. She screams with despairation, “Who is the face.”
She go out of the house in order to find these aircrafts. But she minds nothing. Later, a stranger goes by and say to Mary that, “Hi, Chon. Long time no see.”
