I said to the teacher, “My son have told me that there is a really bad guy in the class. His name is Charles. He hit teachers, told little girls to say bad words and did some other bad thing. I think he will be a bad influence on other students, especially on my son, Lorry. I want to have a talk with his mother. Can you tell me who the mother is.”
The teacher think for a while and said, “Though Lorry have done such bad things, he will be a good student sooner or later. I know he want to be a good guy but he don’t know what he should do and what he can’t do, he was my good helper at one time. He passed things out and picked things up. Actually he helped me a lot.”
“But later he became the one he used to be. He is so naughty that my little will surely be influenced by him. Let me have a talk with his mother and I will try to ask her to pay attention to the behavior of her son.”
“But…” The teacher wanted to say something but stopped. She thank for a moment and then said. “Well, I will tell you the truth. There is no Charles in my class.” “What?” I was surprised. The teacher continued to say, “No Charles. But there is one guy who does the same things as Charles do in the class. His name is Lorry.”
“You mean what I said is all about Lorry, my son. It’s impossible.” I didn’t want to believe what the teacher said.
“I don’t know how Lorry told you things about Charles. But I am sorry to say that the one who hit teachers and told girls to say bad words is your son, Lorry.” The teacher said.
“Charles will be a good guy soon.” I said. “His mother will surely help him with his behavior. You see, Charles had done some good things for some time. Actually he wants to be a good student, but he can judge what is good form what is bad.”
Lorry seemed to wait for something when I came home. I said to my husband, “I have seen Charles’ mother.” Lorry seemed very surprised. I continued, “She said she is proud of her son. He have done many good things .He passed out the pens to the other children, helped the teacher collect the books and picked things up. Teacher praised Charles for he is a good helper. I believe Charles will be a good student. He won’t do the bad things again.”
My husband smiled and said to Lorry, “I agree with your mother.”
