 “Are you really Chon? We have something to hand to her. Very urgent and important,” said the two women.
“Yes, I certainly am Chon.” Mary replied. In order to make the two women believe what she said, Mary pretended to find her wallet, showing her ID card to them. But when she took her wallet out form her handbag, she checked it up and down. Then she said to the two ladies with a face of disappointment: “Oh, I forget to bring my ID card. Otherwise, I can prove I am Chon.”
Hearing that, the two ladies smiled to Mary: “we believe you are Chon. Have you received two boxes filled with gold and diamond before you met us?”
Mary was startled. She didn’t get those two boxes for she was not Chon but Mary. She totally didn’t know what to do at that moment. However, curiosity and greed drove her to continue to lie to those two women: “Oh…just now I was too afraid to receive the boxes. When a woman in a green spaceship and the other one in a blue spaceship came to me and wondered if I was Chon, I was so frightened that I denied that I was Chon, since I thought that they would kill me or take me away.
The two women looked to each other and murmured for a few seconds. Then they turned to Mary and said: “Ok. Now what you have to do is to find out those two spaceships and get the two boxes as quickly as you can. We will come to you again this evening.
“But how can I find the spaceship again?” The two women and the spaceship disappeared when Mary hadn’t finished her words. Mary was very annoyed and just walked and walked unconsciously. What she concerned now was where and how to find those spaceships out.
After a long walk, about noon, Mary reached to a big forest. The trees in this forest were strangly green. All the leaves were shinning under the sun, just the same as the bright green on the first spaceship Mary ever saw.
Filled with desperation, Mary didn’t notice the strange green at all. She said to herself: “I was Chon. Spaceships appear. I was Chon. Spaceship appear…” It seemed that she was on the edge of mental collapse. All of a sudden, a bright green flying object flew toward Mary and stopped in front of her. Mary was shocked at fist. But very soon, she turned to be very happy as she recognized the flying object was the very green spaceship she was seeking. A woman walked down the spaceship and not waiting to be asked whether she was Chon, Mary said to the lady: “I was Chon. I need the box in your hand.”
The woman smiled and passed the box to Mary and said: “Now that you are Chon, you have right to receive this box. But remember not to lose it and keep it perfectly until the third spaceship arrives.”  
The woman and the spaceship disappeared again in just a second. Mary looked at the precious box, which filled itself with gold, excited as well as curious. But she didn’t unlock the box at once. She kept what the woman told her just now firmly in mind.
So, she continued to walk for she thought that it was more useful for her to walk around than to walk on purpose. Around two hours passed when she reached to an ocean. Also, the ocean was strangly blue, shining and still. This bright blue remined Mary of the second spaceship. She didn’t hesitate to cry out: “I was Chon. I was Chon. I want spaceship to appear.” Hardly after she cried out, when a blue flying object emerged from the ocean. It was indeed the second spaceship! Mary was just like a crazy lady and shouted to the woman coming our from the spaceship: “I am Chon. I have got the first box. And now I need the second box!” The woman’s face appeared. The same smile as the first woman and also repeated the same words as the first woman told Mary.
Mary hug the two valuable boxes in her arms and just intended to run back to the place she met the third spaceship. But to her surprised, the ocean and the forest suddenly disappeared.  
