    “Good evening, teacher. I’m Lorry’s mother. I’m very glad to meet you.” “Oh, Mrs. I’m very glad to meet you too,” replied the teacher, smiling warmly.
In order to have a meet with Charles’s mother, I, decided to try to get some information first from the teacher. “Being a teacher is really not an easy job. The pupils are so naughty that you must pay much patience to deal with them, especially when meeting some pupils as tricky as Charles.” At that time, after saying those words, I was so pround that I said things so duly.
To my surprised, the teacher showed a face of puzzle after hearing what I said. “Charles? Who is Charles? Is he a friend of Lorry?”
A shock stroke on me at once. Apart from astonishment, more is embarrassment. I asked the teacher: “Isn’t there a boy in your class very naughty? He threw the chalks and said rough words to a girl. He always got punished from the teacher. And this boy is called Charles. Isn’t it?”
The teacher seemed more confused than ever. She answered me with words that I just could not believe. “Er, I’m sorry to hear there be such a naughty boy. But I think Mrs, maybe you make a mistake. There is not a boy named Charles in my class.”
How did it come? My face was blushed. But how would it be that I made a mistake. Lorry came home to report what Charles did every day and it seemed that Charles had become a daily issue in our family.
On the purpose of making it clear, I said to the teacher: “It is impossible that there is no Charles in your class. Lorry everyday told us what happened to Charles when he came back stepping into the door.”
“Oh? Really?” The teacher was just as puzzled as me. Did Lorry tell lies every day? But what he said was not like a lie and creating such a story was too difficult for him—a so little boy.
Whatever, Charles was not my child and I had to know something about Lorry at school from the teacher. Lorry seemed to be never willing to reveal what he did at school to us. Therefore, I could just get to know him in this way.
“Oh, I’m sorry to bother you, teacher. Maybe I would find out who on the earth, the Charles is from Lorry. But now, could we turn our focus to Lorry? How does he behave at school everyday?
The teacher smiled and thought for a while. It seemed that it was a rough task for her to comment on Lorry. Eventually, she said: “Lorry is a good helper. He helps me to finish some tasks. And also he is very helpful to other classmates. He passed things out and picked things up…”
Flushed with pride and excitement, I though that Lorry was really a good boy and I determined to give him a good praise after I went home. I said to the teacher with a satisfactory smile: “Oh, I always teach him to be helpful to the classmates and teaches. And he is also very helpful at home.”
“Yes. He is really very helpful and clever. But… I’m afraid that I indeed need a good talk with you. Mrs. It’s about Lorry.”
Shocked again, I felt something bad and something totally beyond my expentance were going to happen. My heart beat rapidly and it almost jumped to m throat.
“What happened to Lorry, teacher?” I asked anxiously.
“I don’t want to say tat I have to. What Lorry did at class has seriously influenced other pupils in the same class. He hit the teacher, threw the chalks from the blackboard and also shouted very loudly in school. And just on last Friday, he even…”
“Even what??” I was so furious and also so ashamed of him. I would rather give a good beat to him at once at that time. 
“Last Friday, he taught a girl to say a very rough word. It’s very bad.”
“What’s the word, teacher? Can you tell me?”
“He said…” The teacher also seemed to be a little embarrassed. “He said the word ‘fuck’ to the girl and even more, he told the girl to say it two times.”
At that time I virtually fell into faint. How could I imagine a so mischeivous boy was my son Lorry. All of a sudden, I got to know something. The boy Charles appeared every day in our family was Lorry himself. No wonder he understood Charles so completely. 
    
