The two women stare at Mary for a moment, then say “God!” putting a handcraft-like device on Mary’s wrists. Mary is frightened and struggle to escape, but the women use some kind of “magic” power and take inside the ship.
There, the two women are looking at Mary all over, as if she’s some animal in the zoo. Mary is totally shocked and can’t speak a word. Having her confined to the small cage and not knowing where her fate was going, she feel despair. She thinks of her dead parents, alcoholic husband and lovely children. “Oh, my god, the only time I tell a lie, got punished, “she is overwhelmed with terror when thinking about death. She could just keep silent.
The two women are still fixing their eyes on Mary, communicating in a strange sound. Suddenly, one of them walk backward and presses on the botton. The cage that cups riary heats. Mary is terrified and tries to get out, but she sticks all around are heated red and forms some fire wall. The temperature is getting higher and higher and just when Mary feels that she’s going to melt down, it stops rising. Although Mary fees the fatal heart, she feels her alive. Suffering form the heat, she gets up on her feet.
The two women are shocked, and quickly exchange their ideas. Then what Mary has expected must happen. One woman goes back to press the botton. All of a sudden, the heat is gone, and Mary releases a great ease. She never imagine surviving. Just then, the women say to her in her language, “Take us around your planet and find Chon!” Mary looks at them both, thinking that  she possibly fail the lest and proves herself not the one they have been looking for. She says, “of course.” 
Back to the earth where her species is inhabitable, Mary find the sun more shiny, the sky more blue, the birds more happy and the grass more fragrant. But the following women don’t end her nightmare. They have been searching the whole town, the whole city and even the country. Five days have gone, they found nothing. Mary starts to worry about her children and asks for leave. Though they possess cold faces, the two women agreed, but under their supervise. Mary burst into tears when she can again see her kids. The baby boy and his sisters have been taken card of by their kinder-hearted neighbor. Mary brings some money for the neighbor and get ready for the first dinner after the horrible experience. The two women stand by the window or watching outside, the other looking at the girls. Mary’s laughters are trying to comfort the crying baby and figuring out who the two cold ladies are. The woman, again, walks toward the giggling girls and hand out the box, saying, “I got a gift for Chon,” opening the shiny box filled with gold. The three girls look at her seriously and say, “Sorry, but we are not Chon.” Mary sees this when she leaves the kitch. She hurries forward and get the girls within her arms, and shouts to the women, “don’t do that to my girls!” The woman says nothing, turns around and gets back to where she stayed. Mary calms down when she sees nothing happen. In that evening, they have a comfortable meal.
The next day, Mary packs her bugs and prepares everything in the house for the girls. The two women intend to offer some gold, but get rejected by Mary. She gently kisses her daughters’ cheeks and says something, then she weights up her baby boy, who is giggling at her, and pats him at his bottom for a while, then leaves her tears full of her eyes. She has to finish the task of finding Chon.
Mary, with the two women, goes to other parts of the earth to look for Chon. The two women can always sense the existence of Chon, but in a more intensive way.        
