 “Who is Charles?” I asked, too hurried to be polite.
“There is no Charles in this class,” she replied, seeing me, turning her voice seriously “Mrs, you are Lorry’s mother, aren’t you?”
“Yes, why?”
“I need to talk to you something about Lorry,” her face turned serious then, “something must be wrong.”
While I was waiting for the teacher, I didn’t giving up find out Charles. I asked every parent I met if he or she is Charle’s parent, trying hard but vainly. Charles, together with his mom, disappeared like some kind of gas, though I did hope them to be gas forever so that a bad influence would be removed.
Just then, someone tapped on my shoulder and asked, “are you Charle’s mother?”
“Yes?”
It was a tall man with black jacket, seemingly gentle with his glasses. But his face turned red hearing my reply.
“I…er…I’m very sorry, but your son,” his face muscle moved into a strange expression, “your son has taught my daughter some bad words, and she was punished for that.”
“It’s not possible. My son didn’t say bad words himself,” I replied after a while of quiver.
“It’s your son, Lorry White. No one else could do that except him,” he turned his eyesight as he tried to finish the last sentence.
I couldn’t say a word to fight back as usual. Some familiar feeling came up to me and all of a sudden, it opened the door for me: Lorry is Charles.
Right before I was filled with embarrassment for being who I am, I tried to remember everything about my son, his face, behaviour and words. I felt even worse that Lorry had played such a trick and we responded in such a funny way.
My silence was broken by the teacher. I surely knew what she’s going to speech and surely did not have the mood to listen. So I came straight to the point, “you are going to do something to him, aren’t you?”
“You knew, parents are worried about their kids, and Lorry have been exactly behaving so badly, so we are going to make him out of the school.” That’s what I have been expecting the school to do to “Charles”, namely, Lorry.
I didn’t response, nor did I agreed. I was wondering how differently I would feel if I’m not “Charles’ mother”. I would be celebrating the good day deep inside my heart like the other parents do as the bad kid was kicked out of school, rather than be not able to release from being sorry and emabrrassed, while pitifully face the cruel fact. I asked for some time to consider this.
Back home, I didn’t tell my husband any about Lorry, instead, I said how bad Charles and his mother looks like and the school wouldn’t kick them out of school and because of their wealth and power and I would like Lorry to entre another school. 
“Right. I agreed.”
That night, when Lorry went back home, I told him the new decision. This time I watched him more carefully. He was somewhat astonished at my story, but hiding his emotion pretty well. Both of us know what’s going on, but we seemed to agree on keeping the story going.
“I don’t want to stay with Charles any more. I can go to another school.”
Just then, I no more se this as the end of a period of my life, instead, the beginning.
