At the very moment, the two prettiest kneel in front of Mary. “We’ve eventually found you, our dear princess.” They cry out, with exciting tears in their eyes. Shocked, Mary dared not to move a step. She stands still with her mouth half-opened and eyebrows upward. It’s not until several minutes later when Mary comes to herself. She smiles with evil, but nobody notices it. She pretends to be a princess asking softly and behaving elegantly. With great efforts, Mary tries to know more about Chon—now herself. Unfortunately, she fails. What she knows is nothing more than that she is a princess from Mars. Before the two pretties leave, they had both gold and diamond over to Mary respectively. Again, everything seems to be the same as before, in fact something does happen, but nobody knows except Mary.
With two boxes of gold and diamond, Mary no longer has to work as a slave. What she has to do is to use her money at her will. She buys a magnificent mansion in the city center, she send her children to the best school and goes to club every day. She never cares how much money she has spent, once she has so much money that she herself cannot know exactly how rich she is. Since she goes to the most luxurious club every night, she gets to know many celebrities. Some handsome gentlemen pursue her crazily, she never takes them seriously. Because of the divorce before, she doesn’t trust men and their empty words. She hates all men in the world. All her neighbors thin that Mary will live her life lone, but that is not the story. When they notice that every day a young gentleman would be waiting for her at the door, they know exactly what has happened. Later, they get married and apparently they live in bliss.
Though Mary lives a luxurious life, she suffers from psychological torture now and then. Always, in the midnight, she wakes up sweatly because of the same nightmare. In her dream, all her tricks have been revealed and everything she has now is gone. Then one day, the two pretties appear in front of Mary again, which reminds herself of the nightmare—everything is gone. Mary trembles and is at a total loss. At last, she cannot manage herself and loses her consciousness, without hearing what the pretties have said. When she wakes up, she found herself alone in the hospital. She looks for everywhere, but still cannot find her husband. She lays on the floor, sobbing sorrowly. Next, the door opens and comes in her husband. Though astonished, he tries to comfort his wife. Mary says with tears. “I’m afraid that all of you have left me alone.” “Don’t be silly. I’ll be with you forever,” her husband replies. “I just go out and buy you some food and clothes. The two pretties say you’re going to the Mars and they will return to pick you up two days later.” “What for?” Mary scared. “Well, to take the throne and be a queen. Your father is going to retire.” On hearing it, Mary sighs and relieves. “Nothing is going to happen,” she repeats.  
