She was an elegant lady. And she smiled like an angel from the sky. When I talked about my son, she kept smiling and nodding her head, then I knew my son had done a great job in class. However, as soon as I mentioned Charles, the teacher’s face turned grey, her eyebrows frowned. A sigh came out after a few minutes’ silence. It seemed that he had to plunge up all her courage to tell me Charles’ story.
His parents abandoned him when he was only four year old. No relatives would like to shoulder the burden and take care of him. As a consequence, Charles had nowhere to go but wander in the street. To make a living, he became a beggar. Since he was still a child, people would give him more than others. However, things were not so smooth as it seemed. Every day, he was beaten by other beggars. Life is hardship and he dared not to imagine what was waiting for him ahead. Things began to change when he was seven. He came across a so-called good man John. John helped him to get rid of the other beggars. And later, John taught him how to steal. Charles was unwilling to be a thief at first, but later he gave up the silly thought and became a thief simply because of John’s sweet tongue. Life seemed to favor Charles. He gradually lived a better life. Unfortunately, he was caught on the spot when he tried to pick one’s purse. He was sent to an orphanage to be reeducated. While he was there, he didn’t feel loved and trusted, since all the people there knew he was once a thief. Other orphans liked to play tricks on him, taking for granted that it’s a kind of entertainment. He had no other choice but to give himself up. He let go of himself and became hostile to the outside world.
When he was nice years old, he was luckily adopted by a carpenter. And luckily enough, he was sent to school. Because of the suffers before, he couldn’t get on well with his classmates. He behaved badly only to catch others’ notice. Things even went worse. The carpenter was an alcoholic addict. Every time, when he was drunk, he would beat little Charles. When he’s back to school, he hit his classmate as a kind of revenge. All his classmates hate him he couldn’t make even a friend in school. The teacher, Miss Li, tried her best to help him but she failed. After a week’s good performance, he receded to be the one before. He said bad words, hit the classmate and even skipped the class.
I listened with tears in my eyes “What a poor boy!” I murmured. When I came back home, I couldn’t concentrate on my work, since all my heart was on Charles—the miserable boy. I was determined to get him out of the darkness.
The next day, I came to school again, sending Charles some small gifts. A sparkle lighted up in his eyes but soon it darkened. He took the gift without saying anything. That was the day. And came the next following days. I kept going to school and selling him small gifts. Maybe he was a little bit moved and became not as hostile as before. Gradually, he was friendly to him. I helped him with not only his life but also his study. Things seemed to become better. 
However,…  
