To be honest, Mary was not greedy. She always wanted to get what she should get, and this principle had made her a respectful woman. Thinking of her two poor children, Tim and Kate, however, Mary felt like there was a strong force that drove her to tell a lie.
“Oh,” said one of the two women, “It’s very nice to meet you, Chon. We have tried very hard to find you. Here are your gifts.”
Mary received the two hand-made boxes, which might give her family a totally different new life.
To her surprise when she opened the boxes, she could not find any golds or diamonds. There were two pieces of paper in each of the box, o which there were some strange words. Mary was confused and dispoined. She raised her head, widened her eyes and questioned the aliens
“What are these gifts?”
“Chon, they are what you asked for,” said the woman in the silver clothes, “we have no idea about what they are used for, But as a life-time ally, we bring them to you according to your request. And that is what we should do and we can do. Bye.”
The two women went back to the UFO when finishing telling Mary these. With the strange sound that Mary had heard several times, the big UFO took off, covering the sky above her heard again, and left. What’s more, it also left a big question for Mary—what were these papers?
Now, Mary felt like in dark. She had no idea about what these paper were, what they were used for, what she could do with them, and, the most important, why they were paper instead of golds and diamonds.
“Maybe they will make a difference in the future, who knows?” said Mary, which more seemed to assured herself.
However, sine she could not have any golds or diamonds now, Mary had to raise her spirit again and go to work, even thought it was an hour late.
She wanted to tell everyone about the fantastic experience, but she also knew that no body would have any chance to believe her. So she decided to hold this back, even when her boss asked the reason of her lateness angrily. She was a little bit regretful that she had waited for the third UFO, which made her lose a considerable amount of salary that really meant a lot to her family. At once, she was so disappointed and annoyed that she wanted to threw those paper away.
It was a tired and busy day again. When Mary arrived home, all she wanted was to throw herself onto the bed and have a good sleep. But it was impossible, she knew. She still had to clean the house, wash the clothes, and prepare dinner for her two dear children who would come back from school soon.
Before she started doing housework, Mary thought of the four pieces of paper that were still in the boxes.
“Maybe I should have a clear look at them and maybe, just maybe, I could find some clues about what these are.”
With somehow strange excitements, Mary opened the boxes again and took all the paper out.
However, they still looked like a kind of foreign language to her.
At the moment, her children came back.
“Mum! Let’s tell you an exciting thing!” said her dear loudly, we have received two beautiful boxes! And, you guess what?
Mary shook her head.
“Golds and diamonds!” 
