 “Excuse me, Mrs. White. I’m Lorry’s mother. I just want to talk something about Lorry with you. Does he behave himself at the school?”
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Brown. I have to say that Lorry is a good boy, however, he is so full of energy that sometimes I have to tell him to stay quiet strictly. He seems to be eager to become an adult very much, for he always talks about how great he is, what he will achieve in the future and something like that.”
I was a little bit upset. It was no doubt that Lorry, my dear son, was such a lovely and kind child to me and I could not believe he acted as the teacher said at school. All of a sudden, I thought of Charles, who was a true bad boy in my mind.
“So how does Charles behave at school? As far as I know, he isn’t a good boy, for he always get punished from you because of his bad manner. What’s more, I even heard that he is quite fond of saying bad words. Oh, may I ask where Charles’ mother is? I really want to meet her. I said to the teacher with an unconsciously fake smile on my face, hoping to get the answer that Charles was as bad as Lorry told us, and hopefully his mother would be shamed of her boy, when she showed up. 
“Charles? Who is Charles?” the teacher asked, which was against my expectation.
“Charles is the boy in your class, Lorry’s classmate, and to me, perhaps he is te worst boy here.” I tried my best to remind her.
“But we haven’t got any Charles here! There is a boy called Charles in the next class. But as far as I know, he is one of the most excellent pupils in our school. He gets the high mark all the time, and behaves like a little gentleman. Both teachers and pupils here like him very much. So I don’t think he is the boy who you are looking for.”
I was shocked. For a few second, I could not believe my ear and even wanted to say something more about Charles, which I knew would absolutely put myself into an more embarrassing situation.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Maybe I made some mistakes. Maybe it is not Charles who behaves so bad in the class.” I said.
“Oh, no, Mrs Brown, I have to tell you that every pupil in my class are so lovely and kind that I am very proud of them. No one behave bad. However, if I have choose one as the most naughty pupil on my class, I’m sorry to say that I have to pick Lorry. He is energetic, but maybe too energetic. Sometimes I even think he is out of control.” Mrs. White with a serious look.
What I felt was just like I picked up a big stone, wanting to threw at the bad boy’s mother, only to drop it onto my own feet and hurt myself.
“I’m terribly sorry about that. I will talk about this with Lorry’s father immediately when I get home and teach Lorry to behave himself.”
“That’s OK. Don’t worry too much about that, Lorry is still a good boy, or, can be trained into a good boy,” the teacher comforted me.
During the rest time of the parent-teacher’s meeting, I felt really angry and wanted to go home to ask Lorry what the fact was.
As soon as I reached home, I shouted loudly. 
“Lorry! Come here!”
Lorry came down stair quietly with his head hanging down on his neck, and walked slowly and reluctantly towards me. At the same time, his father, who also heard my angry voice, came to the dinning room with too.
“How…how dare you to do that!” I was too angry to finish my sentence.
“What’s going on?” my husband was confused.
“There is no Charles in his class! Except for an excellent boy in the next class! And no one are bad except for him, Lorry!” I said loudly with my finger pointing to Lorry.
“Are you kidding?” My husband was totally surprised.
“You can ask him yourself.” I said, still with my finger pointing to my son.
“I’m sorry, Mum and Dad,” Lorry said with tears flowing down from his eyes.
“Why do you do that” I was tired.
“I want to be a good boy, at least in you heart. I don’t behave good at school. I am the one who get punished all the time. I don’t want you to know that. And I think I will be better in your mind with some one bad in contrast…”
“Lorry…but you know, that is wrong. You shouldn’t do that…” Seeing his tears, I felt my heart was broken.
“You are a good boy as long as you behave yourself.” My husband comforted Lorry, patting gently on his head.
“I’m sorry…”
