 “The gifts are yours,” said the two shining women.
“What are they?” asked Mary. “Cristal and a knife”. “What’s the use of the knife?” “We’ve knives at home.” Mary was confused. This time Mary got no reply from the two women. They just stood there, smiling and disappearing.
What a day! Mary wanted to sing. She hasn’t sung a song for a long time, for there were too many things she has to care for. “La la la…” Mary sang happily. She respected the UFO coming again, exactly speaking, she expected to get more gifts given to Chon. “Who is Chon? I’ll feel sorry if I see her someday. Anyway, I’m Chon from now on.” Mary came up with an idea. She never felt the road back home was so short before. The UFO didn’t come again, but Mary thought it’s Ok. “I’m rich now. I can do whatever I want to do. Let who laugh at me ever go away. I don’t need to live under their attitude. Haha--” Mary thought so happily that she burst into laughters. The pass-by were surprised at Mary’s behaviours. If it’s in the past, Mary will feel embarrassed; but at that very moment, she has forgotten anything around her.
The phone rang when Mary came back home. “Are you mad? You’ll be kicked out if you don’t appear in an hour.” It’s Ann, Mary’s friend and collegue. “Ann, the job was no more important. I’ve fired the boss.” Mary cut down the phone. She looked out the window. The view was much more beautiful today. The birds were singing, the trees were dancing, the cold wind were warming and her heart was jumping up and down. “I’ll change,” she thought.
The next day Mary and her children had moved to a big house in the city. Her neighbours seemed amazed at Mary’s action. They asked why Mary got rich within one day. Mary just smiled and replied nothing. She didn’t want to have any contact with people who knew her past. She quited her job, bought herself a car and sent her children to the best school in the city. She even opened her own company and became the boss of others. She tried everything she dreamed to do when she was poor. And she made others call her Chon. 
Everything seemed normal before the real Chon appeared several months later. Mary heared the knock at the door while she was waiting for the servants prepared dinner. “Madam, one woman called herself Chon wanted to see you.” One servant came to Mary. “Chon? Is it the Chon who’s the real owner of my possession now?” Mary became nervous. “I’ve spent most of the diamonds and crystals.” The gold, of course, Mary had used up. “What if she asked me to return all the things?” She became a bit scared. “It won’t be true. I’m the owner. I’m Chon.” Mary calm herself down. “Nice to meet you, Chon” Mary spoke to the guest. “Nice to meet you. I’ve heard of the rumour that you received the gifts from UFO. It’s said that they gave the presents to me. I came here to get my fits back. “The guest said angrily. “No, I think you’ve made a mistake. I’m Chon.” Mary answered. They quarreled louder and louder. Suddenly, there was a total silence. The servant thought it strange, however, it’s none of their business.
What happened in the meeting room? Mary had killed the guest, with the knife she got from the women. She was too scared to calm herself down.        
