 “Good to say you here, Miss Emily. I’m Lorry’s mother.” “Oh, glad to meet you. I suppose you’ve met other mothers. How do you feel about it?” Miss Emily seemed interested. “Feeling? Why do the teacher ask so? Does Lorry do something bad? Wouldn’t she ask Charles’ mother rather than ask me?” I thought, standing silently. “Quite good,” I answered, “At least better than Charles’ mother.” It was impolite to comment on others in this way, but I was too curious about Charles’ mother to think it twice. “Have you seen Charles’ mother? Where is she? I want to her some questions after I heard Charles bad behaviours.”
“Charles? Charles? Miss Emily looked confused. “Yeah, Charles.” Then I told her what Lorry told me. “Er… haha…” she laughed after my description of Charles. “Did Lorry tell you these? Didn’t he tell you the truth?” “Truth?” I murmured. “Actually Charles is my pet cat. He often plays in the classroom and because of my carelessness, my classes were often disturbed by him,” smiled Emily, widely.
“What? Your cat? Charles’s a cat!” I was surprised. “But why did Lorry lie to me? What about the things that done by Charles? How could that happen?” I was shocked to know that Lorry had lied. I thought precious I could meet Charles’ mother and ask her attitude towards Charles. However, it was a lie. Charles was a cat!” “I felt sorry for that.” Emily said. She looked at me, sympathy in her eyes.
“I bet that Lorry didn’t tell you it all resulted from a fake homework I gave them. “Homework?” “It was about one moth ago. One day in my class, Charles kept mewing in the classroom. My students concentrated themselves on the cat and paid no attention to my lecture. I could think of nothing but leave them to a task. They have to go back home and tell their family stories about Charles. Certainly they can imagine Charles wasn’t a cat. It was just words with angry. I had forgotten it after that class. I was surprised at your son, Lorry, he treats it as a real homework. I’m sorry for that.” Miss Emily apologized again. “This was the truth. Lorry was a good boy.” I smiled, “he kept doing this.”
“But Lorry’s mother, I’m sorry to tell you that Lorry doesn’t behave himself at school.” Emily interrupted me. “What does he do at school?” I was worried. “Well, just like what he told you, what Charles did in Lorry’s stores is what Lorry did at school.” “Oh, my God.” I shouted. “Thank you for telling me the truth.” I thanks to Miss Emily and went back home.
“Lorry, who is Charles?’ I asked Lorry angrily. “Charles?” Lorry realized immediately, “No, mum, I did not mean to.” He shouted. 



