 “My name is Chon,” Mary replied.
The two alien women looked at each other for a second and then said together: “But this is a gift for a woman called Mary.”
“How can you do that!” Mary got very angry when she heard the aliens’ words, “The women in the Green and Blue aircraft once said that the gold and diamond is a gift for Chon, and I am Chon!”
“Your name can’t be Chon,” one alien woman said, “because Chon refers to a kind of people, it is not a name.”
“We are trying to award a honest human being. ‘Chon’ refers to honest people in our language. A few minus ago, our colleagues found that a woman called Mary misunderstood their words, but she’s a really Chon. So this gift is for Mary.” another alien woman replied.
May kneeled in front of the aliens, crying and said, “I am so sorry to have lied to you, but Mary is my true name. Please give the treasure to me, I need the mony badly!”
“You told a lie,” one alien said.
“It proved that you are not a Chon”, another said, “So you don’t deserve the gift for Chon. Beside, how can we believe that you are Mary? Mary is a Chon, but you just told a lie.”
“Please forgive me for my stupid behavior,” Mary said. “I told a lie just because I need the money badly. I swear to the god that I’ve never told another lie before.”
“Whether you’re told a lie before or not will be found,” saying that, one of the alien women used a thing like a torch to put light over Mary’s head. It seemed that they were reading Mary’s memory.
“Keep me away, Non Chon!” the alien woman holding the torch shouted to Mary suddenly, “Do you feel ashamed when saying that never told another lie before? I found you told so many lies. However, you are actually called Mary.”
“It must be a big mistake. I never lie to others! Mary cried.
“It can’t be a mistake. Listen, I will list your lies to you. When you divoiced with your husband, you cheated your children that their dad just ‘left for business’. When you were later for your work because of housework, you made an excuse to your boss that your children were sick. You once lied to your mother that you had a good life but in fact you were nearly bankrupt…” The alien woman listed.
“Stop! Mary’s feeling of regret now had turned to a feeling of anger, “I was lying for my family. I was lying to cover their grief and keep things going on! If you are looking for someone that never told a lie like that, your effort will be certainly in vain. Fine, go to find your Chon, find the one doesn’t exist at all!”
“Forgive your bad behaviour,” one alien woman said. “But we are really disappointed to hear this. It sounds that human’s society is forcing every honest person to be a lier. However, you shouldn’t have lied for your lack of money,” another alien said.
“Why not! My children are starving! If I can get the gold and diamond by telling a simple lie, why should I insist to be a Chon?”
“Maybe you are right,” one alien woman said.
“So this gift will give you, Mary. And we will give up the ‘Chon Award Project’, another said.
The aliens left, and left Mary a little gift box.
Mary opened the box. A flash broke out and disappeared suddenly. There was a note left. “When you open the box, there will be a power to ensure your family and friends live happily every day. That’s the best gift for the poor Chon—the most miserably honest human. 

