 “Could you tell me who’s Charles’ mother? I want to talk to her,” I asked the teacher.
“Charles?” The teacher frowned, “There’s no any ‘Charles’ in this class, do you know his family name?”
“It’s impossible for you to forget Charles! Lorry always talks about Charles—the most rough boy in his class.” I said a little angrily.
“No, I don’t think so,” the teacher smiled, “Maybe ‘Charles’ is a nickname, there’s even no a boy’s name begins with ‘C’ in this class. Anyway, I want to tell you that lorry made some progress recently. Sometimes he’s really helpful, and I called him ‘the teacher’s helper’. But there’s still something we can do to improve his manners…” Hearing the teacher’s words, many scenes jumped out from my memory. I totally understand that ‘Charles’= ‘Lorry’!
When I was back home alone, Lorry was not there, and my husband asked me at the first opportunity: “Charles’ mother didn’t attend the meeting?”
“Well, she’s there,” I said spiritless, “In fact, she’s here now, right in front of you.”
“What? Lorry is Charles?” My husband was smart enough to guess the truth, “God! We have the roughest boy in the class?!”
Have got the truth, my husband felt very angry and ashamed, so did I. We two sitted in the living room for a while, silently. Then my husband opened his mouth: “It’s time for us to reform our education methods and give Lorry some strict punishment.”
“The situation was not so bad.” I said, “The teacher said Lorry had made progress. But we really need to pay more attention to him.”
“I viewed this as one of my biggest failures in my life. I can’t believe that my son was in such a bad manner that teach a little girl to say a bad word. Where the hell he learn it from?” my husband was in a state mixed with anger and frustration.
“We are too busy on our chores to notice that our son is growing up and easy to be influenced by the ouside world. Next time he talks about Charles’ bad things we should poin out that this thing shouldn’t be done and, most important, why should not,” I suggested. 
“You meant that we should pretend not know the truth? Maybe that’s good for him…ehn… yes. How silly we were! When we heard about Charles’ bad things, we never pointed out why that bad behaviour shouldn’t be done, and we even viewed Charles’ stories as a funny soap opera. That’s not wise. My husband agreed with me, and both of us decided to take some measures to reform our “Charles”.
Two days later, Lorry returned home excitedly: “Mum, Charles was bad again! He played a trick on a boy younger than him and made the boy cry! It’s funny!” 
“It’s not funny at all” I said seriously, “Imagin that you are the crying little boy, what’s you feeling?”
Lorry was surprised. He had thought that the news of “Charles’ bad again’’ would cause his mother’s curiosity and catch her attention. He never imagined that his mother would talk to him seriously for long and put her housework aside.
I talked to Lorry for about 15 minutes and told him that we loved him and a good boy like him would do good deed for others rather than does what Charles did.
“Of course I’m not Charles,” he said that with smile on his face, “I’m not so bad, and I won’t disappoint you, mum, I promise.”
“Good boy.” I gave him an embrace, and it seemed that Charles was saying goodbye to me.   

