 “Chon, I am very glad to meet you,” said one of the mysterious ladies, “Here are two boxes for you, which both contain the most precious stones in the world. They are given by our god to the people who works practically and faces his fate bravely, so we choose you, Chon. Now you can come here and open your two boxes.”
With trambling footsteps, Mary walked towards the two mysterious boxes slowly. She was afraid, but somehow a kind of sensation urged her to stretch her hands to them strongly.
“Remember my lady, there is something significant for you before opening the boxes,” one silver lady reminded. “Those two precious stones have so powerful and immeasurable magic that they can bring their owner wealth and lucky for the whole life. And here is another thing I should tell you. If you want to own something at your will, you can also take this box, inside it there is an invaluable stone made by our god. But just remember, you must pray with your honest heart when opening these three boxes. God bless you.”
Shocked for a while, Mary suddenly was filled up with guilty. “For my two poor children, god will forgive me. I have no better excuse to give up such wonderful opportunity!” Staring at the bright light overflowing from the boxes, Mary couldn’t help opening the half-covered mystery for her life.
All at once, the sharp golden light and silver light integrated together, which made the whole world dye into the miracle colours. Mary had never seen such wonderful gold and diamond. Imagining the blessing future life for her family, she thought it was worthwhile for her to do so.
But human’s greed seems never be satisfied. Seeking in the bliss, Mary turned to the third box. There seemed something more attractive waiting for her.
“If I own one more, my children won’t live in poverty and they will also live happily for their lives! So just give me one more chance, my Chon.” Mary prayed another time, went to the box, and uncovered it.
All of a sudden, the stone in it who once shone colourfully became dark, and which wiped out the previous golden and silver light. All the surroundings turned black, the clouds began to lighten. All of these frightened Mary. She stood surprisingly.
“You should tell a lie!” Shouted the two silver lady.” The third previous stone is called ‘the heart of honesty’, it just bring happiness to the honest people. Once deceived, the people must be punished by god for his greed.” The two ladies soon covered all the boxes, and they came back to their capsule diappointly, left the regretful Mary, standing still for a long time, sobbing deeply.
“How I can deceive my god! Why I was persuaded by my greed to call Chon, I deserve to suffer the punishment for not being loyalty and face my own fate!” The rest of her life Mary remembered that day and faced her life loyally. But poor and miserable.    
