 “Excuse me, teacher. Is everybody in the class doing well?” I asked.
“Oh, yes. My class is exellent and I like them very much, who I just regard as my own children.” replied the teacher.
Isn’t there a naughty boy called Charles at this class?”
“Charles? I am sorry. Maybe you just make a mistake. We haven’t a student called Charles here!”
This puzzled me. My husband and I felt quite strange. We couldn’t understand the reason that Charles’ story is made by Lorry and which had deceived us for so long.
“Let’s talk to Lorry tonight,” my husband suggested, “Maybe something is just hidden in his heart. He has the right to speak out and make his own decision.”
Then we arrived home. We went into the living room finding Lorry, but nobody there. Lorry isn’t there watching TV as usual. Instead, a piece of elegant music wandered around the house which came from Lorry’s room.
Curious as we were, my husband and I had to went upstairs toward Lorry’s room very quietly. We bent down and listened carefully through the door. Lorry was singing with such spectacular voice and he was creating a pleasant melody! None of songs had we ever heard fro our son that we found she should be a genius for music!
Now we knew everything. We didn’t talk to Lorry that night. Life seemed to be normal and Charles’ story was still talked among us there.
“It’s time for us to ask Lorry to make a choice. He should chase for what he is eager for.” Seriously my husband said.
Dinner was prepaired. Both of us felt nervous but tried to pretend calm before Lorry.
“My son, everyone in your class has a dream. What’s yours?” Father asked. A bright smile flashed through Lorry’s eyes. But shortly turned tingy and cold. “Today Charles did well again in the class, he…” I finally broke down his words, “My dear son, we have known everything, your father and I, have already known that! How wrong we did for you in the past, we urged you to go to school where you don’t wanna stay at all, but now we are assured your talent for music and love it so deeply…”
Tears flushed on Lorry’s face. After a silence, he said, “I hate going to school I hate everyday wasting time sitting with other people and just doing nothing at all… Only when creating songs and seeking in music that I can free my soul. But I know you would forbid me to study music, so I made up ‘Charles and his life’ to cheat you. But all I have done just want to go to the musical school, I can’t help loving it…”
    I stood up silently, and held my son into my arms.
“Thanks, Charles,” my husband smiled. “I will never know my son is a genius for music without him. That will be my biggest repentance to my Lorry.”
Next week we help Lorry drop the school and began his musical studying career. 
