The two women’s faces suddenly turned pale and thy put out their guns as quickly as possible, pointing to Mary.
“Ah…” Mary screamed and was at a loss, wondering what was happening.
“Don’t move. You are arested, Mrs Smith”, one of the two women shouted who were dressed in silver shirts. Then, the other woman rushed ahead and tried to cross Mary’s arms.
Mary was extremely frightened, but she know that she had to reject and struggle because her two poor girls were still waiting her at home. She was the only harbor that the two wandering boats could lean on. Mary ran as quickly as she could even though her legs didn’t want to, but it was useless escaping because the two women somehow moved to the front of Mary at an incredible speed. Mary was seized.
“Let me go. What’s happening? Who are you and where do you come from? Why arrest me?” cried Mary, her tears trying to hold back but failed to burst out and arms crossed.
“You are criminal. You cheated to own the priceless gold and diamond. You’ve broken the Universe Law”, explained one of two women.
Mary turned to be silent. She told a lie just now that she admitted she were Chon. Mary exdremly regretted for what she had done.
“That Universe Counsil has launched a law recently that everyone who can not keep itself but cheat, not honest to own what does not belong to it for greed shall be put into prison. Human have become more and more greedy. They ungracefully absorb more and more from the earth but never give anything back except for air pollution, water pollution, soil pollution and piles of litter everywhere, etc. What’s worse, they killed their devoted neighbours—the green trees and hundreds of thousands of animals, which results in the “Globle Warming” and species extinction. The earth is not what used to be. It is dirty and at stake right now. The Universe Law is the most effective way to protect the earth because it had been sending SOS to the UP (Universe Parliament) for a long time. And, all of these is resulted from human’s greed,” the other woman added.
“But, but who is Chon? I am Mary.” Mary wondered.
“Chon is just a code which stand for a person who is confounded between cheating and honesty and more likely to cheat If the person sticks to being honest, we call it Onch”, said one woman.
“Why me? I just saved them fro my two poor girls. They starve from day till night. Whenever it is Christmas or Thanksgiving, I can’t afford them a little gift even though they pretend they don’t like. But everytime Ｉsaw them glance at the other children’s toy with longing eyes, I am very upset. Please , please take care of my poor daughters,” asked Mary, who was too grief to talk one she thought of her daughters to be more misarable.
“They will be taken care in the orphanage”, said one woman.
The wind seemed to be fiercer and the trees and grass seemed to object to the consequence, wagging around in the wind. Everywhere was quiet. The two women took Mary and ere about to get aboard when a sound in the distance broke the breathless atmosphere. It was Mary’s two daughters that shout their mother’s name.
“Sunny and Rainy,” Mary could hardly controlled herself.
“Please, madem, let go of my mother. It was her fault the she cheated. But she’s got for us,” cried Sunny. Then, they rushed to hold the two women’s legs.
Fronted with the two lovely girl who were dressed in worn rags but still shine like the sun in the white dark world, the two woman ere at a loss, because what they contacted everyday were criminals. Just at that time, another craft appeared and came from a man, who was huge but justified.
“Minister” said the two women.
(To be continued)  
