 “Excuse me, Mrs Wang. Good evening, I am Lorry’s mother. Would you please tell me who Charles’ mother is.” asked I.
“Charles?” puzzled Mrs Wang.
“Yeah, your student, Charles. Lorry talked about Charles everyday. So ‘Charles’ has become part of our family. SO, would you please…” I explained.
“Excuse me, Mrs Lee, I am sorry to interrupt you, but there is no student called Charles in our class. Are you sure Lorry told you like that?” interrupted Mrs Wang.
“Yes, it was Lorry that told us Charles was hit and asked to stand in a corner because he behaved so badly. He also threw a piece of chalk from the black board and showed so loudly in school that they sent a boy from another class to tell the teacher to make Charles keep quite. Charles even hit you,” I said, puzzled as well.
Mrs Wang became more puzzled and asked: “Was Charles so bad?”
“In the very beginning, both my husband and I had thought her were, but afterward, we changed a little bit since he passed things out and picked things up for the teacher. Charles was the teacher’s helper. But,…,but afterward, he told a little girl to say a bad word. I don’t know what it is. So, Charles is mysterious for us. I want to talk with his mother for a while.” I continued.
“I am afraid to say no ‘Charles’ in my class. It is ridiculous that the student be asked to stand in a corner, and even hit, because corparal punishment is not allowed in our school. I wonder whether it is Lorry that you that or not. If so, he must be telling a lie. Oh, yeah. I hardly forget to tell you that…it is related to Lorry. He is always absent-minded in the class. I don’t know what he was thinking about and he just couldn’t concentrated himself on the textbook,” Mrs Wang added, “Is there something wrong with your family?”
“No, thanks. Everything is OK,” I responded, puzzled that why Lorry made up such a story to me and my husband.
That evening after the parent-teacher’s meeting, I was so puzzled that I found Lorry and asked what was happening.
“Lorry, I have something to talk to you,” said I, unhappy.
“What?” he asked.
“I’ve talked with your teacher and she said no Charles existed in her class. Who is Charles and why did you tell lies?” I said in a little anger.
To my surprise, Lorry took it for granted and said: “It’s nothing serious. Come on, just a lie.”
“What? Just a lie? So, you did tell a lie. What did you tell lie. You are supposed to be an honest boy,” I said.
“I am supposed? Yeah, I am supposed to be your honest boy; I am supposed to behave well in the class and get high score and then go to the university. It’s you, mom, not me. You never care about what I am thinking of. You don’t understand what I need. When I came back home, you just asked me how was my school today. And then, nothing else.” Said Lorry.
“You do not tell me. How could I know what you need?”
“So, it’s my obligation to tell you anything. OK, if so have you ever given the chance to me? When I came back home, no one is here except for a cold and quiet house. I had thought I had someone to share, to share the hard work of today, the jokes played on me today, but…” Lorry complained, “Well, anyway, you do not need to worry a lot. I have my friends, and I really enjoy being with them—doing anything we want.” Then, Lorry shut himself in.
At that time, my husband came back from the gabage.
“What happened,” he asked.
“I am afraid we have a problem, a big and serious problem,” said I. My husband looked at me, wandering.
“Sometimes, we had thought that we sent our son to school or bought things to him, would satisfy him. But we are aware that our son is growing, from a little child to a teenager. We don’t know what he needs. Sometimes, when he needs us, we may just not be there for him” I explained, “A teenager always annoye being trapped. They need freedom.”      

