 “Ok, Chon! Here you are. Please go with us; you no longer belong to the earth now.” One of the strange woman stares at Mary and the soundless words emerge in Mary’s mind.
“Why I haven’t see you before and I will not go with you.” Mary shouted and mover backword several steps unconsciously.
The other woman moves to Mary and answers, “Just because you are Chon. You have to go with us. You can’t remember the deal you did with our master. Doctor John?” The strange woman continued, “You have sold out your body and soul to Doctor John for a box of gold and a box of diamond. You should never forget the agreement signed yesterday.”
Mary’s face turns pale suddenly and shouts with body trembling, “No! I didn’t sign any agreement and never know Doctor John at all.”
“You did, precisely. Your name is Chon and there is only one person called Chon in Alaska. Don’t waste the time; go with us.” The strange woman sounds a little annoy.
“No! No! I am not Chon. I am Mary! I am Mary! I didn’t do the deal and I didn’t receive any gold and diamond at all.” Mary yells and turns around to escape from the two women. However, Mary find she can’t mover forword. She can just rise her feet but never get further. Then she fells she flies in the sky and finally flies into the red flying saucer. The two woman step into the saucer and the door is closed soon after they get into. After a while the red fly saucer dispears in a distance.
About thirty minutes later Mary wakes up and finds herself in a big golden house. She is in a big hall, two lines of women waring the same silver uniforms standing beside the steps which lead to a big room. The house is made by gold and decalated by diamond shining against Mary’s two blue eyes. Mary looks outside through the window but she can find nothing but the sands like gold and diamond shining under the sun.
“Welcome, Chon.” A heavy sound of a man appears and all the standing women bow forward immediately. Mary stands up to find what happen. No sooner she stands steadly has she found a old man in gold uniform emerged in front of her. The old man is very tall, more than 2 meters maybe, and waring a rimless glasses. The man smiles and tries to shake hands with Mary. Mary refuses his handshaking and shouts with tears welling out, “I am not Chon. I am Mary. Please, please send me home. My children are waiting for me. I stated myself Chon just because I need money to raise my family.” 
“You are Mary!” The old man turns to the woman standing by, “She said she was not Chon. Why did you take her here. You should know that no one can go back once he come into my house.”
The woman answer, “She told us she was Chon. If she is not, that is her fault as dishonest people will always receive his punishment in the word. Your Majesty, we just follow the rule of our country.”
Mary stops crying and says to the woman, “Yes, I am Chon. I am Mary Chon. So tell me why you took me here and what is the deal. Maybe at the fist beginning it is my fault I treated you but I am really called Chon, Mary Chon. I am not dishonest person.”
“Stop! You dishonest human beings.” The old man shouts loudly and drops the papers in the ground. That is the agreement sighed between Chon and the old man.   
