Lorry’s teacher was surrounded by a group of mothers so I waited sitting aside and listened. A middle age woman, in a old red shirt and blue coat outside, asked the teacher: “Good morning MS., my girl is Mary. Last week she retured from school and shut herself in room afterward saying nothing,” she continued, “we asked her what happened. She just cried and shook her head. What did happen to her, Ms. can you tell me.”
“Oh, she was told to say some bad words and I had to wash out her mouth with soap according to the rule of our school. Maybe be it made her sad for a little girl.” The teacher turned to Mary’s mother answer showing a little sorry in her face.
Mary’s mother shouted, “Be told? Who? Who did told her to do that? Who did,”
“Calm down, mother! I will tell you all of the matter later in my office,” the teacher then said to other mother, “Ok, mothers, today’s meeting is here now anyone who wants to know more about your child can go to my office or call me later.”
As I was really puzzled by Charles’ behavior, I went immediately after the teacher to go to the office. Mary’s mother was already there. They were talking. 
“Mary is really good girl, but she told really bad words that day.” The teacher showed her punishment to Mary’s mother.
“My God! Did Mary say that? How she can do it? Who did told her to say? Tell me, please.” Mary’s mother seemed worried.
“Charles. Have you known the little Charles before?”
“Yes, of course. The clever little prince always has always has good manners in public.”
“Yes, he has to do in that way in Buckingham Palace maybe but he will not never be a good boy in school. Maybe he was tired of the life in royal family so when he attends school he always takes off his elegant clothes and shoes and he tried to behavor in the opposite to the rules of school.”
I was schocked by the teache’s words. “I can’t be true.” I said to myself. I never heard that a prince from royal family could be allowed to do that. Mary’s mother was as surprised as me and she ask, “I can’t believe my ears. No one told me before that a prince can be allowed to study in such a school.”
“Yes, no one told tat in public before as Charle’s mother knows her son very much. She wants to let Charles to do his own things for one or two years. You know, as a prince, life is controlled or planed by others. When he is the king, what he can do is just listen to the cabinet or Prime Minister. So his mother agreed to give him time to live in his own way escaping the rules from Buckingham Palace.”
Now I knew Charls and I even knew the boy or members from royal family. Why do they behavor in manners in public but maybe in the interial side they are almost the same or even worse than us. And what may them to be a duck or a king is just the privileges which they were born with and the non-condition chance to get respect from others and to be aducated in the highest level. It’s unfair maybe but as the socalled “Royal blood: in their bodies we can change nothing and no one seems would like to change.
It left them silently and I laughed at myself for the ridiculous dream to be the Queen so that my son would the best boy in the world. I found I was wrong, completely wrong.     
