The two women hold their hands up doing some strange gestures and speak at the same time with mysterious smiles, “Then you should go with us.” They say perform just as in a sacred ceremony.
“To where?” Mary asks curiously and surprisedly.
“To the place you exactly want but nobody has been to before!” They say still in slight but feelable smile.
“How can you know what I really want?”
“There is no need for you to know why, just follow us, but, before you decide whether to go, we have to inform you something about the journey to you free and gorgeous world,” They put out a crystal ball from the air drawing the power of the nature, one says “firstly, you’ll go through the hell, struggle from the torture of the fire and the torment of losing, but, if you are strong enough in spirit and full of courage, you can overcome it. However, if you can’t bear it you will be threw onto the earth without and cost and any received including the gold and diamond, again, you live a  troublesome life as usual,” the other continue, “Secondly, if you succeed, you’ll go to the heaven controlled by the God, maybe you can find your world which you itch for a long time. But, you should know that, once you enter it you can not get out any more. You’ll be there forever and ever.” They two speak at one time, show the scene that Chon will go through in the crystal ball, “now it’s up to you.”
Mary looks into the dramatic ball, it seems that the devilike fire and the depress of losing just in front of her, which really scares her a bit more. Now, Mary really regrets that she lies in the third time, neverless, she’ll get the gold and the diamond without suffering anything. “How can I deal with it? If I don’t follow them, I’ll lose anything and still in the little town doing the rutine work everyday and face the continuious trouble appearing from the triffles. But, If I follow, I’ll struggle from the tortures and If I enter the dream world. I can’t see my loved families and friends any more.” Mary hesitates for a long time, thinking about it twice, third…but, the time for her to hesitate is limited.
