The two women smiled and replyed: “We have got two gifts for Mary.” Mary was so surprised that she felt very nervous and said quickly: “I’m Mary actually, I’m not Chon. I’m Mary indeed.”

The two women looked at each other and smiled again, shaking their heads disappointedly, and said: “We know who you are in fact. And we know you are living a difficult life with two children. God was moved by your love and responsibility given to your children, so he sent us come to help you; however, before you get the help, he wants to make sure that wheather you are the person who worth it. The fact is that you let him down. You lose you honest when you are pursueing wealth.”

Mary felt ashamed and thought of the days past by. Although the life had been very hard since she got divoiced, she never lied to others aiming at getting help. Instead, she just kept on working hard and educating her children to be honest. But now, she lied to others and even herself in the purpose…

“Mary”, the voice from the two women broken up her thinking, “we felt very sorry that you lose the most valuable wealth in your life. And you won’t get the two boxes of gold and diamond because of your dishonest, we hope that you can be who you are in the future.”

With these words, the two women disappeared soon, leaving Mary stood there silently.
Many years later, Mary’s life got better, and her children had grown up. Once she thought of that day, she felt graceful and smiled. Because it made her realize what was the most important thing in her life. At first, she was a little bit upset and wanted to talk to somebody what had happened to her. Realizing that it was meaningless and no one would believed what she said, she worked much more harder than before from then on. And she kept on educating her children to be honest by telling her own story, of course not mentioned her own name. With the belief that honest is the most important thing in one’s life, they got much respect from the others and also help. That was why they lived a better and happy life.

One day, when Mary was telling about her story to her children again at the yard, something looked like a big bird was dropping down from the sky.

Mary couldn’t believe her eyes that when it landed in front of her. It was the spaceship that she met before. Two women with another old man came out and walked to her. She recognized that the two women because they looked like the same before, and she noticed that they still hold a box in each of their hands.

The old man came to Mary and asked: “Who are you?” This time Mary smiled and replyed calmly: “I’m Mary.”

Then the two women handed out the two boxes to Mary, but she did not take them.

The old man smiled and said: “you worth them now. During the past years, we saw how you lived your life in the heaven. We felt very happy that you recognized what was the most important to you. And these was the prize in return, for you honest and hard working.”

Still, Mary did not take them and said: “Thank you for your goodness. But we have got what we want , we don’t need them. I think we should leave them for the others who in need of them.”

The old man nodded his head satisfiedly and disappeared in a few seconds with the two women. 
  
