 “This is for Chon.” The man said and gave it to Mary.
“What is in it?” Mary asked.
“You should open it in an hour.” The women answered and then got on the flying machine. They disappeared again. 
Mary was more surprised again this time. At the moment, the bus was coming. She got on the bus without much thinking. She sat still, looking at the three boxes. Too many kinds of feelings filled her heart: curiosity, surprise, excitement, nervousness, fearness and so on. Everything around her seemed quite usual and orderly, but for her, it’s an unbelievable day!
She took a look at her old watch. “It’s 7:50 now, maybe I can outlet the secret one hour later.” She thought like this.
“Please don’t forget the bus fare.” Until she heard this could she remember she had forgotton to pay for the ticket. It’s too ackward.” She said to herself.
With time passed, she became a little more calm than the beginning. But she was still waiting for the arrival of the moment when all the mysterious thing can be figured out.
The bus finally reached the station at 8:40. She didn’t even care about whether she would be later for her work. She just found a wooden chair, and waited, waited, waited…
“It’s the time!” She cried silently and opened the box slowly with her heart beating quickly like a rabbit. Finally, it’s a letter. So she opened the envelope and read it: “Dear Chon, I’m glad to find you, actually whether your original name are Chon or not doesn’t matter. You’re a lucky dog. The other two boxes and the golds and diamonds are the gifts for you. We are from the Venus, today is the second time we visited the earth. We brought you the treasure you need, but you should do us a favor; fix the equipment attached to the box on the roof of your house. Hope you will do it. If you refuse, please throw the treasure into the sea.”
Of course Mary liked and needed treasure very much, she didn’t intend to go to work this time and went back home straightly.
She did as what be asked to do, she didn’t know the reason the Venusian asked her to do this, and she thought she didn’t have to know. And facing the attractive treasure, she even forgot all the things. She only knew how happy and excited she was. She felt strongly that new life was waiting for her and her families.
“Mom, we are back.” He children came home and saw the funny face and smile of their mother.
“My dear, how are feel in school?” she said.
“Well, maybe, we can live a better life from now on. I, your mom, encountered something very amazing this morning. Perhaps the God also thinks it’s time for us to turn, to end the bitter life we have been living.”
“What in the world is it? Mom.”
  
