 “So, you are Charles’s mother?” I said.
“Yes, how do you know me?” she was surprised.
“Well, nice to meet you, I often hear about your son’s stories in school from my son.” I explained.
“Really? Actually, I do think Charles is a little bit different from other kids. But I didn’t expect even you would know him.” She said and the teacher came to us, “Well, I guess, you are Charles’s mother, and you are Lorry’s mother” Wow, she was indeed an excellent teacher, this was the first time we parents took part in this kind of meeting because our children were attending the first grade. And he could recognize us.
“Yes, we are and I’m very glad to see you, Miss Sonia.” I said, “And how do you think of Lorry’s behavior in school?” I was curious. 
“Well, the two boys are really conspicuous in the class. The Charles is always active of ten does something to attract the teachers’ attention while the Lorry is always keep very quiet, this also makes him different from others.” The teacher continued saying something casually and then said goodbye to us.
I thought of my husband’s invitation at the moment. But how could I invite an acquaintance to my home as for the first time we know each other, and all of a sudden, an idea came to my mind, “Well, that’s really a coincidence, and I had a very nice impression from you that makes me want to invite you to my home for a cup of tea.” I tried. “That’s great. I don’t have anything special to do now. So why not. Maybe we can communicate the idea about educating or something else.” It seemed as if she was glad.
After arriving at my home, I introduced my husband to her. Then we three sat down and chatted.
“So, where’s you boy?” she said.
“Aha, maybe he is reading cartoon,” said my husband. And we kept chatting casually. Then I asked, “So, do you think what the main factors to affect children’s personality? Like your son is so active, and my boy is so quiet. And Lorry mentioned Charles, almost every day recently. I’m curious about whether Charles behaves so too at home?” I finally said what I wanted to ask.
“We have to admit that the environment children grow in really would shape their personality. It’s regrettable that Charles doesn’t have a father sine he was 3. I don’t have too much time to look after him carefully and well. So may be many of his characteristics were affected by other kids.”   
