A strong feeling of tenseness hit Mary’s heart, she knows that she is cheating these two women in shiney silvery in front of her, meanwhile, she is cheating herself. But a few minutes ago, what happened to her was unbelievable. When the second woman brought a box of diamond away hearing that I’m not Chon, I’m Mary which said by her. She felt pity and regretful for being so honest to herself just two minutes ago. And now here is the chance, why not say that I’m Chon and get the gold or diamond or whatever worthy to charge my current situation and make a good living with my children, Mary thought.
“Yes, of course you are Chon.” Said one of the woman, holding an exquisite box.
“Chon, we got information that you were living hard on earth, so we brought these gold and diamond for you to be rich and have a good life with our prince and princess, Charles and Clarie,” said by the other woman with a shiny crown on her heard.
“What?” Mary flushed pale, my dear children, Charles and Claire, are the prince and princess, this is ridiculous, who are these people?
Just at the same time when Mary is thinking about these people and can not find out an answer. The woman with shiny crown on her head said, “I know you are puzzled, you could not believe what happen now.” She turns to the woman stand by her, said, “give the gold and diamond to Chon,” then she looks at Mary again, “Please make good use of these and take care of Charles and Claire.”
After saying that, these two woman turn back to the spaceship.
“But, who are you?” Mary yells to the moving spaceship.
“It’s a secret. You will know it in the right time” The sound came from the sky.
Mary stand here toughly, with a blank brain. She stares at the box, which is full of gold and diamond. Holding the box, she moves her steps towards home.
It’s 12 o’clock, a happy laughter came from outside the door. Is it the prince and princess? Thoughs Mary, No, no, they are my children, my little sweet heart, Charles and Claire. Mary shakes her heard, rushes to pen the door, “Mom”, “Mommy”, said by her lovely children.
Mary gets a dozen of questions in her mind. Until the midnight, she still could not fall into sleep.
“If Charles and Claire were prince and princess, who I am?” she speaks to herself, look at the photo which shooted last year, in which she got a new job and stepped out of the shadow of divorce. “They are too young to suffer this, I’m not a good mother, I could not give my children a better life, I could not offer them good education. It is all my fault, my fault…” Mary cannot help crying, she trys to control the cry in a low voice so that it could not disturb children’s sleep.
After a while, Mary looks at the box in the bed, which is so exquisite. She smiles, she sees a good life in front of her and her children while she watches the box.
“I should be a good mother,” Mary decides to make good use of the wealth.
“I should give a better life to my children,” Mary lies on the bed, plan to deal with the gold and diamond tomorrow.
After saying goodby to her children, Mary goes to the city. Now she does not care about her current job. It has been a year, the city’s life changes a lot, Mary walks around the street. She stops in one mall, breathes deeply, walks in it. With the broker’s help, she plans her future.
“Tomorrow is weekend, I should take my children to the city and tell them what happen and tell them we are going to live rich from now on.” Mary’s thought was filled with happiness. The bus towards back countryside, Mary’s home. What is going to happen Mary still has no idea. What I can do now is…       
