I got back home, and told my husband that I did not see Charles’s mother, it seemed that she did not attend the parent-teacher’s meeting. “But I talked to Lorry’s teacher, she promised to be concerned about this case. I said to my husband before I went to bed.
Nothing new came. Lorry went back home after school everyday, kept talking about Charles during lunch dinner. In the nineth week, we family had dinner together.
“Is there anything bad done by Charles today.” His father seemed to get used to the topic of Charles.
“No,” Lorry was exited to talk about Charles before, but wasn’t at this moment. He looked a bit sad.
“Oh, does he became the teacher’s helper?” I asked, and I hoped that. 
“No.” The answer was still no.
“So, tell us what happened to Charles,” my husband asked.
“He did nothing bad to teacher and classmates today, he just sat at his table, did his own things. Nothing happened. He got no punishment for two days,” Lorry said unconcernedly. 
This was a good news for me. I turned my face to my husband, it seemed he got the same feeling as I did.
Ring, ring, ring. 
I went to pick up the phone, it was Lorry’s teacher. She said tomorrow night was parent-teacher’s meeting. I did wish to attend the second time’s meeting for I got no information about Charles the first time. And this time I decided to find out something.
At the meeting, I sat looking at all the women’s faces, I tried to discover which one hid the secret of Charle this time. But I still could found nothing. No one stood up made a talk for Charles.
“There is a question puzzling me for a long time, Miss.” I sat in the teacher’s office, wondering who is Charles and who is his mother.
“What can I do for you?” The middle-age lady said, smiling.
“Yes. My little boy, Lorry, kept talking about a boy named Charles in his class when he came back home everyday. Charles’s story sounds not really good. Could you tell me more about Charles? I wonder whether Charles had left a bad influence or Lorry, because he behaved roughly these day and I so worry about him.” I remembered what Lorry had told me before about Charles, said to the teacher.
“I understand that, you are a mother. But I need to point out that who is Charles, there is nobody named Charles in my class.” The teacher said.
“But Lorry kept talking about Charles since the first week he came to school. He told us what bad things Charles had already done at school each day.” I was so surprised when I heard nobody named Charles in his class. And the first thought came into my mind was did my boy lied to me?
“I’m sure that there is no Charles in my class, and one more thing is no Charles in this grad.” The teacher was puzzled by my words surely. “Then please tell me what has Lorry talked about Charles.” In the office, I talked with the teacher for almost an hour, the topic was around Charles during the whole talk. I told that Charles behaved roughly in the beginning, then he became teacher’s helper at school in the third and fourth week, but the following weeks Charles did something bad again. The teacher listening with a few changed facial expression, first worried, then anxious, at last a little anger. The teacher told me she would keep touch with me, “Thank you for telling about Charles, I would pay more attention to him.”
After the meeting, I talked to some womens about Charles, but they seemed to know nothing about Charles. But they did know a boy who did not behave well at school.
“Hello, Mrs. Lorry, could I have a talk with you.” The teacher came to excuse me. 
“Yes,” I replied, and excused for the talk with the other mothers. 
In the office, I hoped that the teacher could give me more information about Charles this time.
“I need to tell you something. First, Charles does not exist in the class; Second, Lorry is Charles.” The teacher finished her talk seriously.
This was a shock to me, my little boy Lorry was Charles. What was the relationship between Charles and Lorry.  
“What?” I was so surprised.
……    
