After Mary said, one of the two women said, “All right, we’ve been looking for you for a long time.” Then she just turned her head to the other woman no words.
A moment later, the other women nodded and said to Mary solemnly, “Here, we have two gifts for you.” Then, they both opened the box and stretched to Mary.
In Mary’s heart, she was never so excited as now; In her mind, pictures of extravagant live are haunting her. She can not help taking two boxes back, and be in possession of those. While she was staring at those, she was overwhelmed by filling gold and diamonds in mind.
All of sudden, she realized that she was wrong. Neither god no diamonds are presented this time. Left two empty boxes in front of her.
Full of wonders, she asked, “Why are they empty?”
“This time, we will take two things on you.” No one cares about whose words these belong to.
“What? On me? Why?” Mary could not believe her own ears, replied coldly. “I thought they are some kind of jewels or priceless goods. However, I am wrong, so, I will leave.” She started to turn around and walked away. “To be frank, I am not Chon, I am definitely Mary! Yes, I am Mary.” she added without catching a glimpse on the two women.
“What? Dare you break your words!” Mary felt someone was telling to her and the words were echoing for a long time. It seemed it would not stop.
“You have made a deal with us. If we satisfy your dreams. That to make you become the owner of gold and diamonds. You will acknowledge for what we’ve done for you. But, now, you regret. And you disobey the rule. You take off the gold and diamond away but…” One of the two women scolded, then quite succeeded. It was weird. 
A few seconds later, something bad broke the ice. “We will take revenge on your children. You will be sorry for what you have done.”
Stairs back, door opened and engine worked. Following a cold wind, everything was normal, left destroyed grass aside the road.
The feel was still good, but Mary could calm down. Something was pulling her as if it wanted her death. A long distance behind, Mary kept walking toward home. All she thought right now was the unbelievable and scared legend. For other people, she was insane if you talked to someone else.
Suddenly, Mary stopped, her face turned to pale. She was trembling, frightened. She was thinking of the last sentence that the two mysterious people throw to her. “We will take revenge on your children!” Again and again.
“My pretty babies. They are innocent!” Mary didn’t know what would happen, because what she saw just now was real. The people, the UFO, the magic.
Mary burst into tears. She started running. Maybe she is ready to rush home. Thoroughly! Because she realized something bad would happen in the future.
Finally, Mary managed to return home. Watching her lovely babies were playing in the yard safely, she sighed a long sigh. Lying down in the yard, she is sheer out of energy. All she wanted to do was to sleep. But she can’t. Mary was concerned about her children totally.
No alternative but to stay with her children. She can’t leave her children alone.
Mary ordered her children to go to bed early. She was just sitting in the chair beside the bed. Watching her deep asleep honeys. A real smile appears on her face.
As time went on, she felt sleepy. Then she lost conscious. 
Everything in the middle night, a great nose waked up Mary. The sound turned to louder and louder. Mary’s heart beated faster and faster. What she worried about had come. She had no idea. Except for her waiting. Because she realised she didn’t have the strong power to stack up against them.
The sound stopped for a while. After the familiar and scared stairs stretched out again, a sparkle shine directly on Mary’s face. It was so strong that Mary hardly open her eyes in the lights. Two dark shadows were coming up to her.
Closer and closer, they finally came close to Mary. Standing beside the bed.   
