I made my way to the teacher’s office, then knocked. Door opened spontaneously. A learned lady came right to my eyes. I realized that she must be my son’s teacher so I went in, directly.
“Can I help you? Madam.” Seeing someone is coming in, the teacher turned to me and uttered politely.
“Excuse me. I am Lorry’s mother.” I looked around the office to find out whether it is a appropriate time to talk about something. Turning out to be no body else, I kept on talking to teacher.
“There is one curious boy haunting my family recently, who we have been gossip at table, as Lorry mentioned, his name is Charles. Anyway, I want to know more about this little boy.” I found a chair to sit on, just oppisting the teacher.
“Who? Charles?” The teacher was overwhelmed by doubts.
“Yes,” I cut the teacher in, “That’s him, I want to know. And I came to so eager to talk with her mother. Because all his behavior done in classroom may have bad influence on other student. Thus, I…”
“Sorry,” the teacher didn’t give me the chance to finish my words. “There is nobody named Charles in our classroom.”
“What! Nobody.” I yelled out with tremendous surprise.
A silence followed.
We both looked at each other, failed to continue our topic. The teacher get the chance to be the first to break the silence. “Right, no one in my classroom. Can you tell me something about the boy you seemed tired of?”
“Well,...” I told the teacher everything about the Charles that I could remember in a scolding tone.
“That’s what he had done from my memory.” I sighed to indicate my strong interest in him. 
Something strange came. I realize the obvious change on teacher’s face. That would be classified between animosity and laughter. Which puzzled me a lot.
The teacher turned to be solemn, addressed me, “Actually, there is a Charles in my class, indeed. But this one is not somebody else, but right your little naughty son.”
“My son? The Charles!” I was trapped in embarrassment. I should not have met the teacher. All scolding and mocking words found me. What I prepared for Charles’ mother had hit me now.
I don’t know how to conceal myself, and how to start the words with teacher. The teacher moved on to speak my son. I had to be a listener.
I exchanged my thoughts with teacher, to my surprise, the teacher didn’t blame my son too much, this made me feel uncomfortable. Later on, I said goodbye to teacher and made a commitment that I would take in charge of badly.
On my way back home, my mood was like a plat tyre. My hearts was stuffed with blame, and anger, even the last straw for the eruption of volcano. I didn’t know how to do, and I just wanted to give Lorry a lesson, so I try my best to figure it out.
Returned home, I turned to Lorry’s father for help. After I revealed the boy to him, he jumped up angrily expectedly. We were so frustrated for our son’s behaviours. Nonetheless, we were so furious about being cheated by our son, so we worked out a plan to defined our sin’s behaviour.
It was put into effect since we’ve agreed on.
Next morning, everything back to rail. As Lorry started to go to school, I said goodbye to him, and asked him to bring wishes to Charles. He agreed.
Although today is Tuesday, I had asked a day off beforehand so that I could supervised Lorry in person.
I came to school later after Lorry arrived. After asking teacher for help, I was offered a seat in an office next to Lorry’s classroom. Though the window, I can get everything in control in the classroom easily. So I just waited and waited, to get the chance to reveal the riddle of Charles on the spot. 
Everything was dawn normal at beginning. I was thinking it is so weird that Charles didn’t turn himself out.   
