 “Oh, Chon! We have found you for a long time.” The two women said suprisely and happily. Mary said with a low voice: “Do you have something for me?”
“Yes, these two boxes are for you.” They said smily and then opened the boxes. Then some intense light came out, which was so bright that Mary couldn’t open her eyes. Just as Mary thought before, there were the golds and diamonds inside the boxes. Mary thought: “If I say I am Chon, I will get the wealth. In such case, we are not poor again. We don’t have to suffer from the starving and I don’t have to go to work any more. What’s more, my children can have a good living. But the real Chon? Mary’s face turned pale, standing there still.
“Being confused, the two women shaked Mary and asked her: “Hey, Chon. What’s the matter?” “Nothing, please give me some miniutes to think about it. Please!” Said hesitantly. “What should I do now? Oh, my god! Should I tell them the true that I am not Chon. If I tell them, will I get punished by cheating them. I am a poor woman and I have to raise my two children. Without these wealth, the situation would get worse. So…I think it doesn’t matter that I pretend to be Chon.”
“Yes, I am…” Suddenly, she stoped, watching an old woman passing by with her children. With a heavy big box in her back, she was hand in with her two children. Despite the cold weather, they just weared the very thin jacket but they seemed warm and happy. They smiled and laughed… Mary’s heart seemed to be shocked. She thought about the hardship she had got through and her heart was full of satisfaction.
“I am very sorry I am not Chon.” And then Mary run away without looking back. The two women were very confused about this and disappeared soon.
Mary arrived home. As soon as she entered, she hugged her two little children and she kissed them. She said: “Nothing is more precious for men than you two.” Even though sometimes Mary felt a little pity not to get the golds and diamonds. She thought she could get through by her own. She knew that how to be a person.
With the time passing, the cold winter had gone and the warm spring was coming. Mary overcome the cold winter by working hard to get enough money to get rid of the starving. Though she just could make ends meet, she still felt very satisfied with her children.
One day, she waited for the bus in the station. The warm sunshine flew into her body, which made her very comfortable. Hearing the birds singing in the sky, she thought of her children and smiled. She herself enjoyed the beautiful scenery.
Suddenly, she heard the similar sound from the sky. She looked upward and saw the things that she had seen one month ago. This time, neither she felt afraid no did she felt surprised. It seemed that she had prepared to answer the question. 
A young beautiful woman with glaring silver skirt came out, smiling. Before the young lady asked the question, Mary said: “I am Mary, I am not Chon.” And Mary prepared to go away. “Waits lady. I am not finding the woman called Chon. I am finding Mary.” “What?” Mary said surprised. “You are finding me?” The young lady nodded her head and continue to say: “We get the information that Chon had been dead. She was a kind and deligate men. But unfortunately, before we can find her, she had died. But we also find other woman with the same personality as Chon. She is capabable, honest, optimist. That’s you! Mary! And the box is for you.” “Oh, it is unbelievable.” Opening the box, there was a heart-shaped diamond inside.
Bringing the box home, Mary put it in the living room and always used it to teach her children that being a real person should with a real heart which can help them know how to distinguish the truth.
Delieving from one generation to another generation, this diamond is the model that can help us to behave ourself. Wealth is not the total part of your life, the most important thing for a person is the heart.

