After the meeting, Lorry’s teacher came towards me, and said: “Mrs Brown, I want to talk something about your son Lorry in privately. Is it convenient for you now?” I said: “Of course I can.” I replied with smiling. Both of us sat down and looked at each other surprised in the empty room. And then the teacher began to talk.
“Mrs Brown, do you know your son Lorry is mischievous at school and I think there is something wrong with him.” The teacher said seriously. “Really? I can’t believe it. Though Lorry is a very naughty boy, he is not bad as Charles.” “Charles?” The teacher said surprised. “Don’t you know? He is your student, a bad boy Lorry always talked something about Charles’s misbehavous after he went home.” “What do Lorry talk about Charles.”
“According to what Lorry said, Charles likes to play tricky with his teacher, make trouble for the other students. What’s worse, he taught a girl to say some bad words.” I said.
“Oh. How can I imagine a boy can say such words. Mrs Brown, I afraid to tell you the truth. Lorry is the badest boy in the class. And the boy named Charles maybe Lorry himself. Believe it or not, Lorry is always lying to me. So I think the boy has some problems about his mind. And I think we should find a solution to help his as soon as possible.”
“I can’t believe it. How can it happened?” I shocked, trembling, satting there without saying a word for 15 minutes. My heart beated fastly and was almost out of breathe. Calming down for a while, I said sadly: “My dear teacher, you must help me, help Lorry. What can I do now to rescue my dear son Lorry.”
“Don’t worry, Mrs Brown. Of course we can help Lorry and the most important thing for us to do now is to find out why Lorry talk lies that a boy named Charles instead of saying himself. And maybe you can tell him that you have known the truth about Charles and see what Lorry’s reaction will be. If he shows carelessness, then you should make up your mind has to recuse him. And if he can tell you why he made up a story about Charles and apologize for his misbehavors at school, you can also help him how to behave himself in the future.”
“Thank you very much, teacher. I think I have already known what to do.” And I walked out of the room, diapported and worried. After I went home, I told all the things that Lorry’s teacher told me to my husband. He was shocked as me. “We should ask Lorry to tell us the truth.” My husband said. 
As normal Lorry came home at 5 o’clock in the afternoon. He opened the door rudely and threw his school bag as soon as he entered the house and said: “Mum, Is there anything to eat. I am very hungry , please bring me something to eat.”
“Lorry, come here! We have something to ask you, something about Charles. Come here, my dear.” My husband said with a loud voice.
“OK, Mum and Dad. Do you still want to know something new about Charles today? OK, I can tell you. Charles, he is…” Lorry said proudly.
“Stop! Don’t you feel ashamed? You mum and me have already know all the things about you at school. You teacher have already talk all the thing about ‘Charles’ to your mum after the meeting. And this moment, you must explain to us that why you become so bad.” My husband said very angrily. 
Hearing this, Lorry’s face turned red and didn’t say anything, first standing there quietly. After a while, he rushed into his room and shut the door with a loud voice. Everything was so quiet in the room without any voice. My husband and I sat on the sofa, confused and puzzled. We were so sad to say any word, and just looked at each other upsettly. This situation continued for more than an hour.
Suddenly, the door opened and Lorry came out slowly. It seemed that he had already known how to tell us the truth. But there was nothing ashamed in his face at all. He came towards us slowly. Finally he said: “Dad, Mum. You can come to my room and I can tell you the truth. But I think it is not so serious for a boy doesn’t behave himself since I think it is nothing serious for the boy to play at school.” “But overdoing it is very bad. Don’t you know?” My husband said loudly and angrily.
We came quickly to enter Lorry’s room. Everything seemed normal there and the computer was opening. I said: “And now can you tell me the truth?”
“Yes, come here and stand in front of the computer. Frankly, Charles is a boy who is in a new game called “A Bad Boy”. My friend recommended me this online game and I found it is very interesting about it and soon I fell in love with it. The boy called Charles is a very naughty boy in the game and he always makes trouble for his teachers and family. But on the other hand, he is so brave that I come to admire him. He doesn’t care what the other people think about him, doesn’t care the score, just do all the things he liked without worrying. I didn’t tell you the truth that I was Charles because I am very afraid that you would prevent me doing something as Charles do.”
“You are totally wrong. The computer game has led you a wrong direction”! 
