 “So you are the one we want,” said the two aliens. At the same time, they handed over the two boxes to Mary, two boxes filled with gold and diamond. Then, they turned back toward the aircraft leaving the words, “Now we’ve got what we want.” With smile, they flied away.
Stiffly, Mary stood there with two boxes until the two aircrafts vanished in the air. An odd smile appeared on her face, “I can get whatever I want, just by cheating” said to herself.
Strangely, Mary strolled back home without feeling' guilty and regret. It seemed that she had found something new in life, something that could brighten her life. Indeed, Mary changed from the moment she lied to the
She was rich, she could afford everything that her children wanted. The first thing she wanted to buy is the Babi Doll, which her daughter begged her for but she was not able to satisfy her when she was poor.
A few minutes later, Mary was in a toyshop. As she picked up the doll and was about to pay for it, a sound from her heart said: Steal it! Take away what you want directly!” Mary hesitated for a second, the odd smile again appearing on her face. She put the doll in to her picket, then went out of the door calmly and surely. 
Mary’s mischief began, and it became worse and worse, she cheat everyone, acquaintances, friends, strangers and even families. Sometimes Mary was miserable, she could not stop herself since her heart push her to do so. She could not control her heart. No one in the town believed her anymore. Even her children felt shamed since their mother was an untruthful woman.
Mary had got stray, but she found no one could draw her back. She was tired and helpless. “Why I become such a ugly person” she asked herself. Then, she thought of the two boxes. Immediately, she rush to the two boxes; which could produced countless dimond and gold. She threw them onto the ground wildly, and with a crash, the two boxes was broken, gold and diamond disappeared.
Mary heard the familiar sound of aircraft. The two aliens came back again.
They said to Mary: “In our planet, Chon means cheat. The moment you lied to us, you have become a cheat. You accept the gold and dimond at the sacrifice of your conscience.”
“Give back my conscience! Give me back!’ yelled Mary.
Then the two aliens continued: “Conscience is the most invaluable thing on our planet, but we found that on earth, things are different. People love money more than their own conscience. That’s a pity you know, money could not fill an empty heart.”
“We are here just to give people like you a lesson”, People on the earth please remember, “Compare with conscience, money is worthless.”
The two aliens turned back to the aircraft again. This time Mary felt that her heart was fun again, her conscience came back…    
