Sometimes Mary hated living so far from work. Out here, the buses ran only once an hour. Sometimes they didn’t come at all. Mary looked at her watch. Today the bus was already fifteen minutes late.
    “Maybe I just won’t go to work today,” Mary said to herself. But she knew she didn’t mean it. She couldn’t afford to miss work —not with two children to feed. Since her divorce, it took every penny she made just to scrape by. 
    That’s why she and the children had moved to the country. Rents were cheaper out there.
    Mary watched the birds flying in the distance. A cool breeze blew. She put on the thin old sweater she had been carrying. She watched the sunlight dancing in the leafy trees. It was going to be another lovely day. She wished she could spend the day outside. She wanted to be as free as the birds in the sky. Mary sighed. It was hard to work all day at the restaurant and then come home to housework late at night. And late buses didn’t make her long days any easier.
    As Mary watched, one of the birds seemed to be dropping out of the sky. Only it didn’t exactly look like a bird. Somehow it looked more like an airplane. Mary watched as it slowly floated toward her.
    “How strange!” she said to herself. “Planes never fly over this part of the country. The airport is 50 miles away.”
    As the thing came closer, Mary saw that it wasn’t a plane either. It looked like a flying lizard! The surface of the lizard ship was covered with shiny green scales. Its wings shone in the morning sun!
    Mary was frozen with fear. She knew that there was no place to hide. She prayed that the thing in front of her would go away.
    But the ship landed right on the road in front of her. It was making a low humming sound. Mary still couldn’t move. Then she heard a high-pitched sound above the low hum. It was a door opening under the body of the lizard ship. Out came a long ramp. The ship continued to hum as the ramp reached the ground in front of Mary.
    Mary hid her face in her hands. Her whole body was shaking.
    Next she heard a hissing sound, like gas escaping from a pipe. Then all was quiet. Mary opened her eyes and peeked through her fingers. She couldn’t believe what she saw.
    A woman in a gleaming silver bodysuit was standing a few feet in front of her. She carried a small box and smiled softly.
    “Are you Chon?” Mary heard.
    “What?” Mary asked.
    “Are you Chon?” the question came again.
    Mary stared. The woman’s lips had not moved! The words had just appeared in Mary’s head, like thoughts.
    “I have gifts for Chon,” the woman said. She opened the box she was holding. Suddenly the air around her seemed to glow with yellow light.
    “What is it?” Mary asked.
    “It is gold for Chon.”
    “But I am not Chon,” Mary said. “My name is Mary. Who are you? And where do you come from?”
    The woman from the lizard ship said nothing. She closed the box and walked back up the ramp. The door opened and closed with a hiss. Mary heard the low humming sound again as the ship lifted and disappeared.
    Mary started to run. She wanted to tell someone —anyone —about what had happened. But there was no one at home. Her children were at school. A man in a station wagon drove by. Mary waved at him to stop. But he didn’t understand. He smiled and waved back, but he didn’t stop.
    The country road was quiet again. Mary walked back toward the bus stop. When the bus came, she could tell the driver. But would he believe her? Would anyone believe her?
    Then Mary heard the low hum again. She looked up and saw another lizard ship. Only this one was blue —as blue as the ocean. Its scales sparkled in the morning sun.
    Mary watched and waited. It landed. Again the door opened with a hissing sound. Again a woman dressed in silver came down the ramp. This woman, too, was holding a box and smiling softly.
    “I have gifts for Chon,” Mary heard. The woman opened the box. This time a cool, white light filled the air.
    “What is it?” Mary asked.
    “Diamonds,” the woman answered. “Diamonds for Chon.”
    “But my name is Mary,” Mary said.
    The woman smiled and closed the box. “These are for Chon.”
    In a few seconds she, too, was gone. Mary was beside herself. No one was going to believe her story. Anyone she told would think that she was crazy. Mary began walking slowly toward her house. The bus passed and the driver honked, but Mary waved to him to keep going. Work could wait. Something else was on her mind now.
    After a few minutes on the road, Mary again heard the sound she had been waiting for. The sound of the familiar, low hum got louder. Mary looked up. This lizard ship made the other two look small. Its huge wings shaded the open field around her. Its giant red scales glinted in the sun. This time when the ship landed, two women dressed in shiny silver suits made their way down the ramp. Mary watched them come forward. She was no longer afraid.
     “Who are you?” Mary heard the women ask. Mary looked at the boxes they were carrying. She thought of the other two boxes, filled with gold and diamonds.
     “My name is Chon,” Mary answered.

